and I I went up the wall and there was
like 8 in of air under my heels and I
was up the wall and I was like wo and I
came back down and it freaked me out and
I was so freaked out I went to a priest
I said is this guy demonic or something
cuz he's Lifting me off the wall and
sometimes the most mind-bending stories
come from the most unexpected places
when Mel Gibson sat down with Joe Rogan
nobody could have predicted the
bombshell he was about to drop let me
take you back to that moment when Mel
Gibson started to describing his
encounter with the mysterious Chi Kung
master I used to have a chiung master
this is what kind of blows my mind about
medicine and
about ancient stuff mhm this guy is from
Shanghai he didn't speak much English
right a little bit his wife would
translate for him and he'd come in and
he could like point at you right from
this far away and you'd feel it but like
feel it like to as palpable as someone
pushing you around it's
like really yeah yeah yeah I'm not
kidding this master who we now know was
John Chang is the last known Master of
the mopai tradition an ancient Chinese
practice that dates back thousands of
years we're talking about a lineage
that's been kept secret passed down from
Master to student generation after
generation Chang became famous after
appearing in a documentary called Ring
of Fire where he demonstrated abilities
that left scientists scratching their
heads for our sound recordists it was
also a
[Laughter]
shocker Dr Roger doesn't know what to
[Laughter]
expect now what's truly mindblowing is
what happened when Mel Gibson actually
met this mysterious Chi Master according
to Gibson's account on Rogan he was
experiencing severe back pain at the
time when he entered the room he found
this unassuming elderly man sitting
there quietly what happened next defies
conventional explanation the Chi Master
didn't touch Gibson at all he simply
held his hands about 3 ft away from
Mel's body without any physical contact
he could not only push Mel but even lift
him from the ground what you are about
to see defies everything you thought you
knew about the limits of human ability
he could like point at you right from
this far away and you'd feel it but like
feel it like to the as palpable as
someone pushing you around it's
like really yeah yeah it's it was really
weird I he uh one time he was working on
me and he was working on my liver he
said your liver is blocked cuz he looks
at you and if you look at him he looks
away and his wife engages you while he
checks you out and then he gives you a
little body map and he puts X's all over
it and you go yeah that's right I got a
pain here and a thing there and I you
know he knows where everything is he
knows exactly what's going on did you
ask him what he is he seeing your aura
like what is he seeing everything he
sees everything he was an allopathic
doctor first he went to medical school
he could write your prescription he
could do all that stuff he was a doctor
and then he saw a Chung Master this old
guy and people were lining up getting
cured and he thought that's really
interesting and he learned that on top
of being an alpath doctor so this aligns
perfectly with what we know about John
Chang's abilities from the only
documented footage of him in Ring of
Fire Chang was known to manipulate bio
electromagnetic energy or Chi to such a
degree that he could Light newspaper on
fire from a distance and conduct
electricity through his body without
harm take a
look he then took our newspaper outside
and showed us how Chi can also be used
to set things on fire
[Music]
when he heard we'd shown this footage in
public he was very upset and refused all
our future efforts to contact him again
the ancient practice Behind These
abilities is called mopai a secretive
toist tradition that dates back
thousands of years unlike other martial
arts or Chi cultivation methods mopai
practitioners focus on developing
something called yinshi the receptive
cooling energy before working with yangi
the projective heating Force this
reverse approach is what supposedly
allows for these extraordinary abilities
Chang's techniques were rarely shared
outside his inner circle but we know
that the training involved intense
meditation breathing exercises and
something called small Universe
circulation directing energy through
specific pathways in the body the
process typically took Decades of
dedicated practice with many
practitioners never making it past the
initial stages first you learn to
distinguish between yin and yang chi in
your body then how to pull it in your
Naval chakra then how to project it he
says and it's the proportionate mixture
between yin and yang which accounts for
different effects like pulling or
pushing objects or igniting them then he
gets really strange he says that
mastering Yin is the key to the spirit
world what makes Gibson's experience so
compelling is that it matches perfectly
with accounts from Chang's other
students and Witnesses they all describe
the same sensation of intense heat and
immediate therapeutic effects and
remember this is Mel Gibson we're
talking about not exactly someone known
for buying into New Age nonsense or
easily being fooled but this was just
the beginning of Gibson's experience
with the Chi Master what happened next
would challenge everything we think we
know about human capabilities one day
he's at me on my back and he's pushing
and I can feel my back and I'm at the
wall and there's a poster of a film on
the wall you know my office and I'm
looking and I can see him in the
background and he's like down like this
like like Kung Fu pointing pointing rays
of energy at me and he hit me he started
yelling at my organ at my liver like get
out you know whatever and I I went up
the wall and there was like 8 in of air
under my heels and I was up the wall and
I was like whoa and I came back down it
freaked me out this isn't your typical
meditation practice or energy work we're
talking about a lineage that's been kept
secret for thousands of years passed
down from Master to student in the most
selective way imaginable mopai consists
of 72 levels of training most
practitioners never make it past the
first few levels Chang himself was said
to be at level 37 and look at what he
could do the training involves intensive
meditation breathing techniques and
something called embryonic breathing
where you learn to circulate energy
through specific Pathways in your body
at the higher levels practitioners can
reportedly manipulate bioelectricity
heal others and even influence physical
matter what Gibson described that
intense heat and energy coursing through
his body that's exactly what mopai
Masters are said to be capable of so
level one focuses is on cultivating what
they call Yin Chi the cold receptive
energy of the body this takes anywhere
from 6 to 18 months of dedicated
practice students spend hours in
meditation learning to feel and direct
this subtle Force it's like learning to
feel a completely new sense that you
never knew existed but here's where it
gets really interesting level two is all
about yangi the hot explosive energy
this is where practitioners start
developing abilities that seem
impossible we're talking about
generating enough bioelectricity to
light bulbs or heal injuries it was
nothing like any acupuncture I'd ever
had I was getting really powerful
electric shocks and couldn't control my
movements at
all IM positive and negative you know
and my positive from here and my
negative from here and we me together is
can get uh like
electricity and is this because you're
special you have a special sort of uh
body meditation every day it's
meditation that I meditation every day
like you can touch me like this it's
nothing okay is my
bur she like
this for our sound recorders it was also
a
[Laughter]
shocker Dr Roger doesn't know what to
expect level three that's where things
become almost mythical Chang explained
that at this level practitioners learn
to combine yin and yang energies in
Perfect Harmony this creates what's
called Shen a force so powerful it
defies our current understanding of
physics only a handful of people
throughout history have ever reached
this level DJ says it isn't electricity
it's Chi it's one two up I feel it in my
whole body I feel it 3 0.3 I feel it in
my
legs but suspecting the some tricky
setup on his premises they can't find
they insist we all go to a randomly
chosen hotel room several miles away to
see if he can light a light bulb with
his
fingers it doesn't ground on the
wall so Greg holds and grounds one
wire while DJ pumps Chi through the
other the bulbs are LEDs light emitting
dodes which night in different colors
according to the intensity of current
yes on off on brilliant oh you you're
blinking Mel Gibson was so shaken by
what he witnessed that he even sought
counsel from his priest who was also an
old Jesuit with extensive knowledge
concerned he asked if what had happened
to him was demonic or anything of a
supernatural nature here's what Mel
Gibson said more exactly and I was so
freaked out I went to a priest I said is
this guy demonic or something cuz he's
Lifting me off the wall and and the
priest was like he was an old Jesuit
right a traditional old guy and he was
he was a cross between Jimmy Stewart and
H fud you know that's that's the way he
sounded and I said is this anything like
demonic about this guy like putting he
says who whoa well did he heal you like
that and I said why yes he did and he
said that's all right then and he says I
have no trouble with something like that
because it was it was within the realm
of possibility that somebody had had
power like that and that it's
inexplicable but that it works and it
did work Chang wasn't showing off these
abilities for fame or fortune in fact he
was extremely selective about who he
worked with he believed these Powers
came with enormous responsibility there
are stories of him Turning Away wealthy
people who offered him Millions just to
demonstrate his abilities the real
question isn't whether these abilities
are possible the evidence is pretty
compelling that they are the question is
are we ready as a society to seriously
explore these capabilities and more
importantly are we mature enough to
handle that kind of power responsibly
what happened in that room with Mel
Gibson and John Chang wasn't just a cool
story for a podcast it was a wakeup call
a reminder that we're just scratching
the surface of human potential and maybe
just maybe those ancient Traditions
weren't so primitive after all let me
know in the comments what you think
about all this have you ever experienced
anything that seemed to to defy
conventional explanation are we ready to
take these phenomena seriously the
conversation is just beginning but next
morning he was a different man drawn and
upset he said he'd been visited all
night by his long Dead Master raging
that he had broken the strict taboos of
his sect never to show off in public and
never to cause harm or draw blood he
felt deeply chastised all further
testing and filming must end