my friends it is so good to see all of
your faces here today let me ask you a
question how many of you here today feel
like you're not living up to your full
potential how many of you feel like you
have more to give more to achieve more
to experience in this life but for some
reason you just can't seem to get
yourself to take consistent action well
my friends I'm here to tell you that the
key to unlocking that potential the
secret to finally making the
breakthroughs you've been longing for is
all about one simple words consistency
you see it doesn't matter how talented
you are how smart you are or how much
potential you have if you can't develop
the discipline to show up and do the
work day in and day out then I'm sorry
to say but you're never going to reach
the heights that you're truly capable of
now I know that's a tough pill to
swallow believe me I've been there
myself there were times in my life when
I was brimming with ideas full of
ambition and drive but I just couldn't
seem to follow through I'd start a new
project with so much enthusiasm only to
fizzle out after a few weeks I'd make
Grand proclamations about the changes I
was going to make only to slide right
back into my old habits and patterns and
you know what I realized the problem
wasn't a lack of motivation or Vision
the problem was that I hadn't trained
myself to be consistent I hadn't
developed the mental toughness and
self-discipline required to push through
the inevitable obstacles and challenges
that arise when you're trying to make
significant lasting change in your life
but once I figured that out once I made
the decision to force myself to be
consistent no matter what that's when
everything started to shift that's when
I began to see the kind of progress and
success that I had only ever dreamed of
and my friends I'm here to tell you that
the same can be true for each and every
one of you you see consistency is the
foundation upon which all great
achievements are built it's the
difference between someone who talks a
big game but never delivers and some
someone who quietly steadily day after
day puts in the work and sees their
dreams come to fruition consistency is
what separates the winners from the
losers the successful from the mediocre
the fulfilled from the frustrated and
the best part is consistency is a skill
that can be learned and developed just
like any other it's not some innate
quality that you either have or you
don't no my friends it's a muscle that
you can strengthen a habit that you can
cultivate a mindset that you can
intentionally Forge within
yourself but it's not going to be easy
I'll tell you that right now developing
consistency requires sacrifice
dedication and an unwavering commitment
to your goals it means saying no to the
easy distractions The Temptations to cut
corners or take the path of least
resistance it means pushing through the
resistance the self-doubt the moments of
fatigue and discouragement and showing
up to do the work anyway and let me tell
you there will be plenty of those
moments because the truth is it's human
nature to seek Comfort to avoid
discomfort to take the easy way out our
brains are wired to conserve energy and
minimize effort and that means that
anytime we try to step outside of our
comfort zones and do something
challenging or difficult our minds are
going to put up a fight but here's the
thing my friends if you want to achieve
anything truly remarkable in this life
you have to be willing to do the hard
work you have to be willing to push past
the resistance to embrace the discomfort
and to forge ahead even when every fiber
of your being is screaming at you to
give up because let me tell you the
rewards on the other side of that kind
of consistent disciplined effort they
are truly profound I'm talking about the
kind of personal growth the kind of
success the kind of fulfillment that
most people can only ever dream of but
it all starts with that first step that
first decision to force yourself to be
consistent now I know what you might be
thinking but Jim how do I even begin to
develop this kind of consistency I mean
I've tried before and failed what makes
you think I can actually pull it off
this time well my friends let me share
with you the three key principles that I
found to be
absolutely essential for cultivating
true lasting consistency in your life
the first principle is this you have to
get crystal clear on your why you need
to have a deep burning reason a
compelling purpose that drives you
forward and keeps you motivated even
when the going gets tough It's because
let me tell you without a strong enough
why your consistency is going to crumble
like a house of cards the moment the
first storm rolls in you see consistency
is not just about willpower or
discipline it's about tapping into
something much deeper within yourself
it's about aligning your actions with
your core values your deepest desires
your vision for the life you want to
create when you can connect what you're
doing on a daily basis to that bigger
purpose it becomes infinitely easier to
keep showing up day in and day out no
matter what obstacles may
arise so I want you to take a moment and
really reflect on that what is it that
you're truly passionate about what
drives you inspires you and fills you
with a sense of purpose what kind of
impact do you want to make not just on
your own life but on the world around
you get clear on that my friends and Let
It Be The Guiding Light that keeps you
moving forward even when the path ahead
seems
darkest the second key principle is all
about accountability you see one of the
biggest challenges with developing
consistency is that it's just so easy to
let ourselves off the hook to make
excuses to rationalize our way out of
doing the hard work but when you bring
other people into the equation when you
make yourself accountable to something
or someone outside side of yourself it
becomes a whole lot harder to slip back
into those old comfortable patterns now
this doesn't mean that you have to share
your goals and dreams with the entire
world in fact I'd caution against that
because the more people you involve the
more potential there is for judgment
criticism or unsolicited advice no what
I'm talking about is finding a small
trusted circle of people maybe it's a
mentor a coach or a group of like-minded
individuals who can serve as your
accountability Partners your
cheerleaders and your sounding boards as
you navigate this journey of consistent
disciplined action these are the people
who will call you out when you're making
excuses who will celebrate your wins and
push you to keep going when the going
gets tough they're the ones who will
hold you to the commitments you've made
and who will refuse to let you off the
hook no matter how much you might want
to give up and let me tell you having
that kind of support system in place can
make all the difference in the world
because let's be honest building
consistency is hard enough on its own
but when you're trying to do it all
alone without any outside encouragement
or accountability it becomes an uphill
battle that most people simply aren't
equipped to
win so my friends I want you to start
thinking about who you can bring into
your corner who can serve as your allies
in this journey towards greater
consistency and discipline it could be a
close friend a family member a colleague
or even a professional coach or
Mentor the key is to find people who
believe in you who will Champion your
progress and who will hold you to the
high standards that you set for yourself
and the third and final principle is all
about taking consistent intentional
action you see at the end of the day
consistency is not just a mindset or a
feeling it it's a tangible measurable
set of behaviors and habits that you
have to cultivate over time now I know
what you might be thinking but Jim I
already know that I need to take action
I've tried that before and it just
hasn't stuck and you're absolutely right
my friends simply taking action is not
enough what you need to do is develop a
rock solid system a daily routine a set
of habits that you can reliably fall
back on no matter what life throws your
way because let's be honest life is
messy it's unpredictable it's chaotic
and it's always going to present us with
unexpected challenges and distractions
and if you don't have a clear
intentional plan in place for how you're
going to show up and do the work day in
and day out then you're just setting
yourself up for failure so what does
that look like in Practical terms well
it might mean setting aside a specific
time of day for your most important
tasks and guarding that time ferociously
it might mean creating a detailed
step-by-step plan for how you're going
to accomplish your goals and then break
breaking that plan down into smaller
manageable action steps it could also
mean building an accountability
check-ins whether that's with a coach a
mentor or a trusted friend or family
member having someone to report back to
someone who can ask you the tough
questions and keep you honest can be an
incredibly powerful motivator to stay on
track and let's not forget about the
Power of Habit when you can turn your
consistent actions into automatic
routines and behaviors that's when the
real magic starts to happen because
let's be honest We're All Creatures of
habit and if you can get yourself to the
point where doing the work feels just as
natural and effortless as brushing your
teeth or making your morning coffee then
you've truly mastered the art of
consistency now I know what you might be
thinking that all sounds great Jim but
how do I actually go about creating
those kinds of habits and routines well
my friends let me share with you a
simple three-step process C that I found
to be incredibly
effective first start small don't try to
overhaul your entire life overnight
instead focus on implementing just one
or two new habits at a time maybe it's
setting aside 30 minutes each morning
for your most important task or taking a
10-minute walk during your lunch break
the key is to keep it simple and
manageable so that you can actually
stick with it second make it easy
eliminate as many barriers and obstacles
as possible if your new habit is to read
for 30 minutes before bed then make sure
you have your book or e-reader right
next to your bed so you don't have to go
hunting if it's to do 20 minutes of
exercise every day then have your
workout clothes and shoes laid out and
ready to go and third stack your habits
look for opportunities to layer your new
behaviors onto existing routines for
example if you already have a morning
coffee rich ual why not use that as a
trigger to also do a quick meditation or
journal entry or if you already walk
your dog every evening why not use that
time to also listen to a motivational
podcast or an audio book by starting
small making it easy and stacking your
habits you create an environment that
supports and reinforces your consistency
rather than one that fights against it
and over time as those habits become
more and more ingrained you'll find that
the work doesn't feel quite as daunting
or effortful it just becomes a natural
part of your daily life but my friends I
want to be clear developing this kind of
consistent disciplined approach to your
goals and dreams is not going to be easy
there will be setbacks there will be
times when you feel like giving up and
there will be moments when the
resistance feels utterly
overwhelming and that's okay in fact
it's to be expected because the truth is
anything worth achieving in this life
life is going to require you to push
past your comfort zone to confront your
fears and doubts and to grind through
the tough times but here's the thing
when you make the commitment to force
yourself to be consistent when you make
the decision to show up and do the work
day in and day out no matter what that's
when the real magic starts to happen
that's when you begin to tap into a
level of focus determination and
resilience that most people can only
ever dream of because let me tell you my
friends the rewards on the other side of
that kind of consistent effort are truly
profound I'm talking about the kind of
personal growth the kind of success the
kind of fulfillment that most people can
only ever fantasize about imagine what
it would feel like to finally achieve
that goal you've been chasing for years
Imagine The Pride the confidence the
sense of empowerment that would come
from knowing that you had the discipline
and the fortitude to see it through no
matter what imagine how it would
transform your life your relationships
your overall sense of purpose and
direction and you know what the best
part is that kind of transformative
change is within your reach all it takes
is the decision to force yourself to be
consistent to make the commitment to
develop the habits to push through the
resistance and to keep showing up day
after day until you reach the finish
line now I know that's easier said than
done believe me I've been there myself
there were times in my life when I felt
like I was never going to be able to
break free of my old patterns and
behaviors but once I made the decision
to cultivate true unwavering consistency
in my life that's when everything
started to shift and let me tell you my
friends the results have been nothing
short of astounding I've achieved goals
and accomplished Feats that I never even
dreamed were possible I built businesses
I've written books I've traveled the
world and I've had the privilege of
impacting and inspiring countless
individuals along the way and you know
what the common threat is consistency
the ability to show up day in and day
out and put in the hard work even when
every fiber of my being is telling me to
quit that my friends is the secret sauce
that is the foundation upon which all
true lasting success is built so I want
to ask you again are you ready to force
yourself to be consistent are you ready
to make the decision right here here and
now to stop letting excuses and
distractions hold you back and to start
taking intentional disciplined action
towards your biggest dreams and
goals because let me tell you the world
needs more people like you the world
needs more individuals who are willing
to push past the resistance to embrace
the discomfort and to do the hard work
required to create the kind of positive
lasting change that we so desperately
need and I know it's not going to be
easy I know there will be times when you
feel like throwing in the towel times
when the challenge seems insurmountable
but I also know that if you dig deep if
you tap into that Wellspring of passion
and purpose that lies within you you
have the power to overcome anything so
my friends let's make a PCT right here
right now let's commit to forcing
ourselves to be consistent no matter
what let's hold each other accountable
let's support and encourage one another
and let's show the world what's possible
when a group of dedicated determined IND
individuals come together in pursuit of
a common goal because the truth is the
only limits we face in this life are the
ones we place on ourselves and when we
have the courage to break free of those
self-imposed constraints when we force
ourselves to be consistent in the
pursuit of our dreams that's when the
true magic
happens so are you ready are you ready
to step into your power to unleash your
full potential and to create the kind of
life that you've only ever dared to
imagine then let's get to work my
friends the future is ours for the
taking thank you and God bless