that's is why they chopped those noses
off of the Pharaoh and the Sphinx in
Egypt in the first place is because Cat
Williams is dropping hidden knowledge
again he's one of the few who gives us a
peak behind the curtain where real
knowledge is kept from the many and
shared with only a few the insights he
shares in this video are definitely eye
opening wow truly mind-blowing it
doesn't matter because everybody in
Egypt knew it none of those people are
saying hey I came up with this the more
you know the more you know how little
you know the more you know the more you
know how little you know this hits
especially hard after watching the
entire video cat dives into depths that
might just scare you realizing that if
what he's saying is indeed true then
it's time for us to start making some
changes let's dive in none of those
people none of them picked a bad place
ever that's when you understand that
there's a grid because nobody's holy
people
picked bad spots everybody understood
certain things about the area and long
before they had xray machines and if you
just went by that in the whole world you
would start to understand
like the true power of the Vatican and
the fact that certain things are based
on real SH now hold on because what he's
about to reveal barely scratches the
surface yet it'll start to make sense
the V I much like the pyramids isn't
just randomly placed it's a breathtaking
sight rich with symbolism and secrets
hidden in plain site which many of you
might already recognize but did you know
that what's visible to us is merely the
tip of the iceberg the specific location
of the Vatican is no mere coincidence
now think what other iconic place was
deliberately situated and is even more
famous than the Vatican do you think
Beverly Hills was
a you think this was an area they built
on
purpose mhm yeah was Hollywood is not
really there to entertain you like
that's great that that happens but if
you think about it Los Angeles is a
curious name translating to the angels
in English which already sets a mystical
tone then there's Hollywood a name that
really makes you think when you break it
down Holly and wood Jordan Maxwell often
discuss this explaining that the name
derives from The Druids who used a piece
of wood from a holly tree to make their
scepter while I'm not saying it's
outright magic when you consider what
Hollywood does how it Alters perceptions
changes beliefs and sets Trends through
our TVs and movies it all starts to make
a strange kind of sense that's what I'm
saying nobody's telling any crazy
stories my man not globally a lot of
times it turns out that they were right
that no we couldn't told people nice
because yeah they would have went and
this would have happened and that would
have happened and you can start to see
that if you listen closely to the
podcast you'll notice how reserved Cat
Williams is he seems eager to share more
but chooses his words carefully aware of
the potential impact but the part that
follows is absolutely jaw-dropping you
sense he's telling the truth yet you
might still find yourself searching for
explanations to make it all seem less
extreme but what if what if if it really
is as wild as it sounds what if he's
exactly right about what he's saying
let's listen to Cat you don't care how
people feel about the
ritual it's about does following the
ritual work you can fool yourself into
thinking there isn't one but the
evidence will be clear so like when I
when I be like uh oh these guys are
wearing dresses and everybody's like oh
he keeps talking about people wearing
dresses no it's not a weird it's not
like that look at it from a different
way show me one person that ever wore a
dress in Hollywood
unsuccessfully that's how you understand
what a ritual is so 20 years ago I knew
that it was going to be a thing it
wasn't because I understood that the
earliest I had seen that word was was um
baa met the
gender um and so I knew that the in the
ritual of baam met the gender to show
allegiance to him you had to kiss
his really and it said both of those
things so I knew that both of those
things will become popular in the future
and that um
somehow calling people the goat would be
normalized over the Sheep being always
the most popular reference I warned you
this might get a bit wild but think
about it you've seen it on TV all the
time remember Dave Chappelle's incident
with the dress here it is for those who
aren't familiar I mean I'm a conspiracy
theorist to a degree like when I connect
dots that maybe shouldn't be connected I
don't know but certain dots like when I
see that they put every black man in the
movies in dress at some point in their
career i' be connecting like why all
these brothers we dress that's happened
to me I'm doing a movie with Martin yeah
the movie is going good so I walk in the
trailer I'm like man this must be the
wrong trailer cuz there's a dress in
here and let's not forget about Kevin
Hart Dave Chappelle another great
comedian said that you know in the
industry they tried to make him wear a
dress have you ever ran into that with
with scripts and and is that something
that you know you wouldn't do you know
for uh definitely have ran into to put
on the dress I mean you know you have to
have you have to have boundaries you
have to have limits that you refuse to
cross there are more discuss discusss
like these so there must be some truth
there right now the part about the
ritual and baffet really scares me if
there's any truth to this we are screwed
big thanks to Cat Williams for daring to
voice these truths we're about to dive
into the chopped noses part but first
let's hear what cat has to say to Joe
about the Illuminati that's why I can
speak with impunity about the Illuminati
because I know who you would have to be
in order for what I'm saying to bother
you number one number two I know your
big secret I know that you're not the
Illuminati I am
so you can't be illuminated you're too
dark but the difficulty is getting
people to believe something that they
don't want to believe and in each of
these cases this is where the money is
cat speaks in a way that's both
intelligent and cryptic targeting those
in the audience who have already gone
down the rabbit hole and grasp the
deeper meanings of his words Tyrese
Gibson even called Cat Williams a
prophet Cat Williams Jesus did he break
the internet oh God you know what his
name is to me his name is Prophet
William Prophet Cat Williams we have
gotten so used to the LIE the truth is
uncomfortable we live in a world right
now where you fell in love with David
Copperfield you fell in love with the
smoke you have fell in love with who
people appear to be they don't want you
to
see the truth they don't want to expose
what's actually being said what's
actually being done what's actually
going on indicating that many support
him though they might be too fearful to
speak out due to the potential of losing
everything here comes the part where he
explains why all the Pharaoh statues
have their noses chopped off again it
makes you think you probably wonder why
do white people pay so much attention to
black people if they don't like them you
would think if you didn't like something
why would you Beck paying attention to
it I don't pay attention to things I
don't like the liar knows what lie he
told you see what I'm saying so even if
I made it deceitful and I made you think
that the answer is over here but the
answer is really over
here I'm still going to be looking over
here me the one that trick cuz I know
this is the right answer black people
have lost their identity but our
oppressors have not lost our
identity that's is why they Cho those
noses off of the Pharaoh and the Sphinx
in Egypt in the first place is because
without this nose we can tell you this
is whoever it is but with that nose it
can only
be why would somebody vandalize a whole
face and only vandalize one
part nobody wanted to knock an eye off
or take a ear off or no chins missing no
just the
nose cuz it's a brand if you take a
close look at the statues faces you can
start to see the similarities cat is
talking about who knows we live in an
era where it's hard to know what to
believe anymore what's real and what
isn't we often just accept what the
so-called experts like major historians
or scientists tell us without a second
thought but I think it's healthy to have
your beliefs challenged sometimes I
really admire C for what he stands for
we definitely need more people like him
however it's not all doom and gloom
watch how cat wraps things up on a
positive note that's why angels and
Devils freak me out because no one wants
to believe that there's a Satan that
there's a devil you mean a bad and a
good yeah not just a bad and a good but
an actual evil malevolent Force no just
start with bad and good okay so if we
start at bad and good then we understand
must be at the extremes of that right
nobody's telling a different story the
fact that there is a God is the biggest
conversation worldwide but the truth of
the matter is there is more reason for
you to believe there is a God than there
is for you to not you have to understand
that this thing serves no other
purpose than to bring pleasure to this
small small group of beings right and
the fact that it already was set up to
do that the fact that it was already set
up on this planet for there to be
medicines for us to find and to utilize
and you see what I'm saying it's like
it's not like oh yeah so he made a cow
no to make a cow it means you had to
also have made grass and it means you
would have had to have invented a whole
new eating system for this animal which
was cud and that means you would you
would then have have given him three
stomachs to be able to and you would
have to have known that he was going to
then emit a gas that was going to be
necessary and on the planet like it's
clear that Cat Williams doesn't just
entertain he enlightens his words
challenge the status quo and invites us
to question the narratives we've been
fed in a world brimming with information
yet starved for wisdom cat's insights
are a beacon for those seeking truth in
the shadows of mainstream narratives so
as we reflect on what's been shared
let's not only appreciate the boldness
of his message but also the hope it
carries remember every question we dare
to ask is a step towards greater
understanding