I found in my many years that there's a
significant difference between where
most people end up and where they could
have
been the gap between those two points
that's what we're going to explore today
that Gap represents untapped potential
unrealized dreams and the difference
between an ordinary life and an
extraordinary
one the foundation of personal
development let me ask you something
Have you ever wondered why some people
seem to flourish and grow year after
year While others remain stuck in the
same place for decades what's the
difference I'll tell you the difference
lies in one simple philosophy you must
work harder on yourself than you do on
your
job most people have that backward they
spend
4050 sometimes 60 hours a week working
on their job but barely 20 minutes a
week working on themselves and then they
wonder why their life doesn't
change here's what I know for certain
for things to change you have to change
for things to get better you have to get
better that's the essence of personal
development it's not about waiting for
circumstances to improve it's about
improving yourself so that any
circumstance becomes an
opportunity you see your income your
relationships your health your influence
these aren't determined by what happens
around you they're determined by who you
become your level of success will rarely
exceed your level of personal
development that's why it's essential to
have a plan for your personal
growth the power of daily
disciplines now let me share something
that took me years to understand success
is nothing more than a few simple
disciplines practiced every day at the
same time failure is simply a few errors
in judgment repeated every
day it's the cumulative weight of our
disciplines and our judgments that leads
to either fortune or disaster the
difference in where you'll be in 5 years
versus where you are today is very
little to do with major events and much
more to do with the small decisions you
make each
day I call these daily disciplines
they're the small actions that overtime
compound into extraordinary results
reading 10 pages of a good book every
day saving a small percentage of your
income expressing gratitude to one
person making one more sales call taking
a 20-minute walk these aren't heroic
efforts but they have heroic results
when done consistently over
time let me illustrate this with a story
a young man once asked me Mr ran how can
I make a million
dollar I told him first become the kind
of person who can earn a million dollars
he looked puzzled I explained that money
success and fulfillment are things you
pursue for things you attract by the
person you
become if you want to have more you must
become more that's the key don't wish it
were easier wish you were better don't
wish for fewer problems wish for more
skills don't wish for Less challenge
wish for more
wisdom the art of setting
goals now let's talk about goals goals
are the compass that direct your life
without them you're like a ship without
a Rudder at the mercy of the Winds and
currents drifting wherever they push
you I recommend setting goals in seven
key areas of life first financial goals
how much do you want to earn this year
in five years what's your plan for
investments in
savings getting specific about your
financial future is
essential second physical goals how's
your health your energy levels your
physical appearance your body is the
vehicle that carries you through life
take care of
it third spiritual goals what's your
relationship with your higher power with
your
values with your sense of purpose
Spiritual Development gives context and
meaning to everything
else four family goals what kind of
spouse parent child or sibling do you
want to be family relationships often
provide our greatest Joys and deepest
sorrows planned for the
former fifth social goals how do you
want you contribute to your community
what friendships do you want to develop
humans are social creatures meaningful
connections are vital to our
happiness six educational goals what do
you need to learn to achieve your other
goals what skills must you develop what
knowledge must you acquire never stop
learning seventh career goals what do
you want to accomplish professionally
what contribution do you want to make
what level of Excellence do you want to
achieve set specific measurable goals in
each area write them down review them
regularly a goal that isn't written down
is just a
wish but here's the key don't just set
goals become goal driven let your goals
pull you forward especially on days when
your motivation is
low let them become your why the reason
you get up early work hard and persist
when others
quit mastering your mind
now let's address something fundamental
to becoming your best self your
mindset you must master your
thinking the mind is like a fertile
Garden it will grow whatever you plant
in it if you plant flowers of positive
empowering thoughts you'll have a
beautiful garden but if you neglect it
weeds of Doubt fear and negativity will
take
over here's what I've learned you cannot
take a negative information all day from
the news negative people and your own
critical inner voice and then expect to
have a positive
life it's impossible whatever you feed
your mind determines your
reality so guard your mind carefully be
selective about what you watch read and
listen to be choosy about who you spend
time with as I often say you are the
average of The Five People You spend the
most time with if you want to be your
best self surround yourself with people
who inspire you to rise
higher and then there's your selft talk
that constant conversation you have with
yourself most people speak to themselves
with a harshness they would never use
with others they focus on their failings
rather than their potential they replay
past mistakes instead of envisioning
future
successes change that internal dialogue
speak to yourself with encouragement and
belief remind yourself of your strengths
your past accomplishments and your
infinite
potential as you think so shall you
become the power of learning from
failure now let's address something
that's stops many people from becoming
their best selves fear of
failure let me tell you failure isn't
fatal it's feedback it's the price you
pay for
growth show me someone who's never
failed and I'll show you someone who's
never attempted anything worthwhile the
path to your best self is paav with
setbacks mistakes and yes
failures the question isn't whether
you'll fail you will but how you'll
respond when you
do I failed many times in my life early
in my career I was broke at age 25
I thought success would be easy but I
was wrong that failure was painful but
it was also one of my greatest teachers
it forced me to reevaluate everything my
work ethic my habits my associations my
mindset here's what I learned success is
not something you pursue it's something
you attract by the person you become my
early failures weren't happening to me
they were happening for me teaching me
what I needed to learn to become the
person who could
succeed so so don't fear failure learn
from it ask yourself what lesson is here
for me how can this make me better what
would I do differently next time when
you extract the lesson from the
experience you transform failure from a
stopping point into a stepping
stone the miracle of personal
discipline let's talk about something
that's often misunderstood but
absolutely essential to becoming your
best self
discipline most people see discipline as
restriction something that limits them
but that's backward discipline doesn't
restrict it
liberates think about it the person with
the discipline to save money has more
Financial Freedom than the person who
spends everything they earn the person
with the discipline to exercise
regularly has more physical freedom than
someone who's neglected their
health the person with the discipline to
control their emotions has more social
freedom than someone who's constantly
reactive discipline is the bridge
between goals and accomplishment it's
doing what needs to be done even when
you don't feel like doing
it I found that there are two pains in
life the pain of discipline and the pain
of regret the difference is that
discipline weighs ounces while regret
weighs tons choose the lighter
burden discipline comes from remembering
what you want when you're tempted to
skip your workout remember your goal of
vibrant Health when you're tempted to
react in Anger remember your desire for
harmonious
relationships when you're tempted to
quit remember why you started
the value of
time now let me talk about something
that's absolutely crucial to creating
your best self how you use your time
time is your most precious resource you
can get more money more things more
connections but you cannot get more
time we all have the same 24 hours in a
day the difference between where you are
and where you want to be often comes
down to how you invest those
hours here's a in thought how you spend
your time is how you spend your life if
you spend 3 hours a day watching
television that's not just three hours
that's your life if you spend an hour a
day reading that's not just an hour
that's your
life most people have no idea where
their time goes they let the day happen
to them rather than designing their day
with
intention then they wonder why years
pass and they're no closer to their
goals I recommend conducting a Time a it
for one week track how you spend every
hour you'll likely be shocked at how
much time is wasted on activities that
don't serve your growth or
happiness then make deliberate choices
about your time prioritize activities
that align with your goals and values
remember when you say yes to one thing
you're saying no to something else make
sure you're saying yes to what matters
most the philosophy of
giving let me share something that might
surprise you a key to becoming your best
self is giving to
others it seems paradoxical but the more
you give the more you
receive this isn't just about money
although charitable giving is important
it's about giving your time your
attention your knowledge your
encouragement it's about adding value to
others lives without expecting anything
in
return When you shift from a mindset of
what can I get to what can I give
remarkable things happen you develop a
reputation as someone who adds value
people are drawn to you opportunities
come your way but most most importantly
you experience a level of fulfillment
that simply isn't possible when you're
focused only on
yourself I found that the greatest
rewards in life don't come from what we
get but from what we become in the
process of
giving giving stretches us it develops
our character it connects us to
something larger than
ourselves so ask yourself each day how
can I add value to someone's life today
maybe it's sharing an encouraging word
teaching a skill making an introduction
or simply giving your full attention
ition these small acts of giving
compound over time not just in how
others view you but in how you view
yourself the importance of continuous
growth now let's address something that
separates the ordinary from the
extraordinary the commitment to
continuous growth life is either growing
or dying there's no standing still the
moment you stop growing you start
declining I recommend having a personal
growth plan this isn't complicated it
simply means being intentional about
your devel velopment rather than leaving
it to
chance start by asking what skills do I
need to develop to reach my goals what
knowledge do I need to
acquire what habits do I need to form or
break what character traits do I need to
strengthen then create a plan for each
area perhaps you'll read one book per
month on leadership or take an online
course in public speaking or find a
mentor in your field or practice a new
skill for 20 minutes each
day the specific plan isn't as important
important is having one without a plan
personal growth happens randomly if at
all with a plan you take control of your
development and accelerate your
progress and remember growth isn't
always comfortable in fact significant
growth usually happens at the edge of
your comfort zone be willing to do
things that make you nervous or
uncertain the temporary discomfort of
stretching yourself is nothing compared
to the permanent discomfort of knowing
you settled for less than your
potential the power of
decisiveness let's talk about a
characteristic That's essential to
becoming your best self
decisiveness your life changes the
moment you make a new congruent and
committed
decision most people drift through life
never making clear decisions about what
they want or who they want to become
they live reactively rather than
proactively responding to whatever
circumstances come their
way but extraordinary people are
different they decide what they want and
then commit to it with passion and
persistence they don't wait for perfect
conditions or absolute certainty they
decide in make conditions
right there's a world of difference
between being interested in something
and being committed to it when you're
interested you do what's convenient when
you're committed you do whatever it
takes so I challenge you make a decision
today about who you want to become not a
weak hope or a timid wish but a firm
unwavering
decision then back that decision with
action as I often say don't let your
learning lead to knowledge let your
learning lead to
action the art of
communication now let's address a skill
that dramatically impacts your ability
to become your best self-communication
how effectively you communicate with
others and with yourself largely
determines your success in every area of
Life communication isn't just about
speaking clearly although that's
important it's about truly connecting
with others understanding their
perspective addressing their concerns
inspiring their commitment
poor communicators focus on being
understood great communicators focus on
understanding they ask thoughtful
questions they listen intently they seek
to grasp not just what others are saying
but why they're saying it and what it
means to
them this kind of communication builds
trust and trust is the foundation of all
meaningful relationships personal and
professional but communication isn't
just external it's also internal the way
you communicate with yourself your selft
talk shapes your beliefs your emotions
and ultimately your
actions so monitor your internal
dialogue when you catch yourself saying
things like I can't or that's impossible
or I always mess up challenge those
statements replace them with empowering
Alternatives like I'm figuring this out
or I'm making progress or I learn from
every
experience the power of
associations let's talk about something
that profoundly influences who you
become your
associations show me your friends and
I'll show you your future the people you
regularly associate with determine the
conversations you're exposed to the
attitudes you adopt and the expectations
you have for
yourself if you want to rise higher you
must surround yourself with people who
pull you up rather than push you
down I recommend taking inventory of
your associations make a list of the
people you spend the most time with then
ask yourself are these relationships
pushing me toward my best self or
holding me back are these people
challenging me to grow or encouraging me
to remain
comfortable this isn't about judging
others it's about being honest about the
influence they have on you some
relationships may need to be limited
others may need to be expanded you might
need to seek out new associations with
people who are where you want to
be remember you can't soar with the
Eagles if you're scratching with the
turkeys choose your associations wisely
we'll either limit your growth or
accelerate the philosophy of
balance now let's address something
that's often overlooked in discussions
about success the importance of
balance creating your best self isn't
just about excellent in one area while
neglecting others it's about developing
all aspects of your life
harmoniously I've seen too many people
Achieve Financial success at the expense
of their health or Career Success at the
expense of their families that's not
success that's sacrifice and it's
unnecessary true success is achieving
your goals without compromising your
values or neglecting important areas of
your life it's possible to be
financially successful and physically
healthy it's possible to have a thriving
career and meaningful
relationships it's possible to achieve
your Ambitions without sacrificing your
integrity the key is to be intentional
about all areas of life not just the
ones that come naturally to you or that
Society values most
visibly set goals for your health your
relationships your spiritual growth and
your personal development not just your
career and
finances and remember balance doesn't
mean giving equal time to everything it
means giving appropriate time to
everything some seasons of life may
require more focus on Career others on
family others on health the balance
shifts but the commitment to wholeness
Remains The Power of
habits let's talk about something that
shapes your life more than most people
realize your habits first you form
habits then they form you change your
habits and you change your life
most people never decide their habits
they just repeat what they've always
done wondering why they get the same
results but your habits are largely in
your control you can break old ones and
form new ones through conscious effort
and
repetition I recommend focusing on
Keystone habits those that have a ripple
effect into other areas for example
regular exercise often leads to better
eating more productivity and improv
sleep reading daily expands your
knowledge vocabulary and perspective if
practicing gratitude enhances your mood
relationships and
resilience identify the habits that
would most powerfully move you toward
your best self then commit to practicing
them daily not just when you feel like
it motivation is what gets you started
habit is what keeps you
going and be patient with yourself new
habits usually take at least 21 days to
form and 90 days to become part of who
you
are there will setbacks there will be
days when you don't feel like following
through push past them consistency not
Perfection is the goal the mindset of
service now I want to share a
perspective that transforms how you see
your work and your contribution the
mindset of
service your value in the marketplace is
directly proportional to your service to
others most people focus on what they
can get more money more recognition more
status but the secret to fulfillment and
ironically to receive aing more is to
focus on what you can give more value
more solutions more
service this applies regardless of your
profession whether you're a teacher A
salesperson an artist an entrepreneur or
anything else your success ultimately
depends on the value you provide to
others ask yourself how can I serve more
people how can I serve them better how
can I solve bigger
problems the answers to these questions
will guide you toward greater impact and
consequently greater Rewards
this mindset shifts your focus from
entitlement to contribution instead of
asking what's in it for me you ask how
can I make a
difference this not only leads to
Greater external success but also to
Greater internal satisfaction there's
nothing more fulfilling than knowing
your work matters that you've made
someone's life better through your
efforts the art of financial
wisdom let's address an area That's
essential to creating your best self but
is often neglected in personal
development discussions Financial
wisdom money is not the most important
thing in life but it affects everything
that is
important Financial stress limits your
choices strains your relationships and
restricts your ability to pursue
opportunities conversely Financial
Freedom expands your options reduces
anxiety and allows you to focus on what
truly matters to
you the principles of financial success
are simple though not always easy to
implement first spend less than you earn
this sounds obvious but most people
violate this principle
regularly second invest the difference
wisely your money should work for you
not just you for it learn about
investing start small if necessary but
start third avoid debt for depreciating
assets debt for assets that grow in
value can be strategic debt for items
that decrease in value is financial
quicksand fourth give generously as I
mentioned earlier giving isn't just
spiritually rewarding it also shifts
your mind mindset from scarcity to
abundance which paradoxically tends to
attract more
Prosperity these principles aren't
complex but they require discipline to
follow
consistently the financial habits you
develop now will determine your
financial reality in the decades to come
Choose
Wisely the power of
resilience now let's talk about equality
that's absolutely essential to becoming
your best self
resilience life will knock you down
plans will go aide people will
disappoint you markets will
fluctuate these things are
inevitable what determines your ultimate
success isn't whether you face adversity
you will but how you respond to it
resilience is the ability to bounce back
from setbacks to adapt to change to keep
going in the face of
hardship I've observed that the most
successful people aren't those who avoid
problems but those who effectively
manage them they see challenges not as
roadblocks but as opportunities for
growth and in
ation developing resilience starts with
your perspective when facing
difficulties ask empowering questions
what can I learn from this how can I
grow through this what opportunity might
be hidden in this
challenge then take action resilience
isn't just about enduring it's about
advancing despite obstacles break big
challenges into smaller manageable steps
focus on what you can control rather
than what you can't and keep your
long-term goals in mind as temporary
setback is just just that
temporary remember diamonds are created
under pressure the same adversity that
breaks some people makes others choose
to be strengthened by your challenges
rather than diminished by them the art
of
influence let's address a skill that
dramatically expands your impact the art
of
influence your ability to positively
influence others determines your
Effectiveness in relationships
leadership sales teaching virtually
every human interaction
influence isn't manipulation it's the
ability to effectively communicate ideas
and Inspire action it's about adding
value to others in a way that moves them
forward the foundation of influence is
trust people are influenced by those
they trust and they trust those who
demonstrate competence and
character be excellent at what you do
and be a person of Integrity that
combination is
powerful Beyond trust influence requires
understanding before attempting to
influence someone seek to understand
their perspective their values their
concerns as the saying goes people don't
care how much you know until they know
how much you
care once you've established trust and
understanding your ability to articulate
ideas clearly becomes crucial learn to
communicate in a way that resonates with
your audience use stories examples and
analogies that make abstract Concepts
conrete and
meaningful and perhaps most importantly
model what you advocate your actions
speak far louder than your words if you
want to influence others toward
Excellence commitment or Integrity
exemplify those qualities
yourself the philosophy of
contribution as we near the end of our
time together I want to address
something that's at the heart of
creating your best self your
contribution to the
world life isn't just about what you
accomplish it's about what you
contribute years from now people won't
remember most of your achievements or
possessions they remember how you made
them feel the problems you helped them
solve the inspiration you provided the
difference you made in their
lives I encourage you to think about
your legacy not in a morbid way but in a
purposeful one what Mark do you want to
leave how do you want to be remembered
what contribution do you want to make to
your family your community your
field this perspective changes how you
approach each day suddenly it's not just
about checking tasks off a list it's
about adding value with each interaction
each project each
relationship and here's something
powerful when you focus on contribution
many of the things people desperately
pursue recognition fulfillment meaning
come
naturally they're the byproducts of a
life while live a life focused outward
rather than just
inward the Journey of
becoming we've covered a lot today we've
talked about personal development daily
disciplines goal setting mindset
learning from failure discipline time
management giving continuous growth
decisiveness communication associations
balance habits for financial wisdom
resilience influence and
contribution that's a lot to absorb but
remember becoming your best self isn't
an event it's a
process it's not about perfection it's
about progression it's not about
arriving it's about
advancing so don't be overwhelmed start
Where You Are use what you have do what
you can take one step today and then
another tomorrow over time those steps
will lead you to places you can hardly
imagine now and be patient with yourself
changes that last aren't usually
dramatic or sudden they're incremental
and steady the small improvements you
may consistently compound over time into
remarkable
Transformations as you leave here today
I challenge you to commit to becoming
the architect of your life rather than
just a passenger design your future with
intention work on yourself daily pursue
growth
relentlessly serve others
generously because here's what I know
you have untapped potential within you
you have unique gifts to offer you have
a contribution to make that no one else
can make in quite the same
way the world needs your best self not a
perfect self none of us are perfect but
your best self the self that uses your
particular talents perspectives and
passions to add value to others
lives so starting today commit to the
journey of becoming embrace the
challenges celebrate the victories learn
from the setbacks and keep moving
forward day by day Choice by choice
action by action you'll create a life
that reflects your highest aspirations
and
values and isn't that what success
really is not just the accumulation of
wealth or achievements but the ongoing
process of becoming the person you were
meant to be and making the contribution
You Were Meant to
make ladies and gentlemen that's how you
create your best self thank you for your
time today I wish you all the best on
your
journey the power of small
changes before we conclude I want to
emphasize something that might seem
contradictory to the Grand Vision we've
been discussing the power of small
changes creating your best self doesn't
usually happen through dramatic
Transformations but through consistent
modest
improvements most people overestimate
what they can achieve in a year but
underestimate what they can achieve
achieve in a decade they want overnight
success immediate results instant
transformation but that's not how
lasting change
Works think about this if you improve
just 1% each day at the end of a year
you'll be 37 times better than when you
started that's the miracle of compound
growth small daily improvements lead to
staggering long-term
results so focus on progress not
Perfection ask yourself each day what's
one small thing I can do today to move
toward my best
Zelf maybe it's reading 10 pages of a
good book or having one difficult
conversation you've been avoiding or
spending 15 minutes in reflection or
making one extra sales call or choosing
a helpful
meal these actions might seem
insignificant in isolation but perform
consistently over months and years they
create extraordinary
outcomes success is neither magical nor
mysterious it's the natural consequence
of consistently applying basic
fundamental
and here's the beauty of this approach
anyone can do it you don't need special
talents or advantages to improve 1% each
day you just need awareness intention
and
consistency the value of
mentorship let me share one more insight
that can dramatically accelerate your
journey toward your best self the value
of
mentorship one of the most efficient
ways to grow is to learn from those who
have already walked the path you're
on a good Mentor can help you see blind
spots you didn't know you had they can
warn you of pitfalls
ahead they can share shortcuts they
discovered through years of trial and
error they can hold you accountable when
your motivation
wains they can celebrate your victories
and help you learn from your
defeats finding the right Mentor isn't
always easy but it's worth the effort
look for someone who embodies the
qualities or achievements you aspire
to approach them with respect for their
time and a clear sense of what you hope
to gain from the
relationship be a good student receptive
prepared and willing to implement their
advice if you can't find a direct Mentor
you can still be mentored directly
through books courses and studying the
lives of those you
admire some of my greatest mentors are
people I've never met but whose wisdom
I've absorbed through their writings or
teachings and as you grow don't forget
to Mentor others teaching what you've
learned not only helps them it deepens
your own understanding and forces you to
articulate principles that might
otherwise remain vague
Impressions the ultimate
Choice as we come to the close of our
time together I want to leave you with
this final thought creating your best
self ultimately comes down to
Choice every day every hour every moment
you're making choices that either move
you toward your best self or away from
it you choose your thoughts your words
your actions you choose what to focus on
what to pursue what to let
go you choose how to respond to
circumstances to others to your own
successes and
failures no one else makes these choices
for you not your parents not your boss
not your friends not
Society you might be influenced by these
forces but the final decision is always
yours that's both a tremendous
responsibility and an incredible Freedom
it means that regardless of your past or
your current circumstances you can
choose a different
future you can choose growth over
Comfort discipline over regret
contribution over
consumption so I challenge you Choose
Wisely choose intentionally choose your
best self thank you for your attention
today it's been my privilege to share
these ideas with you now it's your turn
to implement them I wish you all the
best on your journey of becoming