what if I told you that you will persist
after you die you're telling me I'm
going somewhere
yes God is outside of time and
space god distributes over time and
space and there's some left over time
and space is static it's a display
imagine that you're a little homunculus
inside a computer display like the
Matrix for example okay God not only
distributes over that but there's a
whole other domain where God exists and
that's the processing domain that's the
non-terminal domain we're living in the
display of that simulation in addition
to the display there is also a
processing aspect okay and God captures
both of those things he captures both
the display and the processor what is
reality is reality just stuff out there
no reality has a mental aspect and I'm
saying that Consciousness exists in
every part of the universe because those
are the quantum no that's that's what
I'm asking are you telling me that this
table is conscious in that sense yes
generically conscious are angels and
demons real yes God is real angels are
real demons are real is the devil real
oh
yes let me tell you something very
important about the man you just saw
Chris Langan renowned for his
extraordinary intellect with an IQ
estimated to be between 195 and 210 he
developed the ctmu a revolutionary
theory about reality let me briefly
explain what it means the ctmu or
cognitive theoretic model of the
universe suggests that everything in
reality from Consciousness to physics to
God is interconnected within a system
that operates like a self-aware computer
processing and displaying information
now let's hear Chris Langan explain this
in his own words if we're talking about
a Theory of Everything the first
question we have to establish does God
exist yes simple as that yes the reality
has an identity okay the identity is
that as which something exists matter of
fact when you say the word reality
you're naming an identity that is you're
identifying something this that's what
the ctmu says it's just comes up with
the mathematical structure that you need
to build a reality out of that you see
so you come up with that identity and
then you search it for its properties
you see once you've built the
preliminary framework then you start
deducing the properties of this identity
and you find out that those properties
match those of God as described in most
of the world's major religions you can
deny the existence of God or are its
properties such that God definitely has
to exist and the answer is God exists
properties of the central substance and
Central principle of reality those
properties are attributed to God
including of course you know things like
you have the three O's omnition
omnipotence and omnipresence but then
you've also got consciousness
God has to be sentient we're not just
defining God out of existence sometimes
you'll hear people uh say God exists and
and but they'll give God such a a weak
and shallow definition that the god that
they're describing has no relation to
the god that we conceive of you're
saying no God himself is conscious and
and therefore personal yes you can
establish a personal relationship with
God we're images of God you know what an
image is it's basically the product of a
mapping God Maps himself into each human
being is your claim a pantheistic claim
that God is the universe or the universe
is God and that's that or no or is God
outside of the universe and created God
is greater than well what is the
universe reality has an identity that
can be studied like anything else that
exists when we examine it we find three
main features complete knowledge
ultimate power and presence everywhere
these exactly match what religions say
about God this isn't just a theory God
is conscious and aware creating direct
connections with humans by putting part
of himself into each person this means
we can have real relationships with God
not just believe in him as an idea the
mathematical structure behind this shows
that God must exist because reality
needs him to work properly he's not just
the concept we created but the central
force that makes everything possible and
keeps it working this leads to a crucial
question about how God relates to our
universe is God the same thing thing as
the universe or is God something bigger
that includes but isn't limited to the
universe to answer this we need to look
at modern theories about how our
universe works particularly the
simulation hypothesis you ever hear the
simulation hypothesis yes okay well the
simulation hypothesis is basically the
idea that the reality we see around this
physical reality is simulated on some
sort of an automaton or or a computer
God it's more panentheistic the idea is
that you've got the physical universe
that you see around around you but God
is Not confined to the physical Universe
okay see there's an ordinary pantheist
thinks assumes that God is somehow
confined to the universe that there is
just what we see around us and God is in
every piece of it God is distributed
over it yeah but it's uh it's a little
bit more complex than that because this
part of the universe that we see around
us cannot exist just by itself yeah okay
there are certain things that it entails
and when you go into those entailments
that's how you get to God that's how you
get to the identity of reality but to
get back to the simulation hypothesis
that we're living in the display of that
simulation in addition to the display
there is also a processing aspect and
God captures both of those things he
captures both of the display and the
processor what what do you mean I I hate
to put it in in well I mean okay here's
the display you realize the display
contains States yep okay you see things
the objects contain states are static
that's why they're called States okay
static how do they change well they have
to be processed something has to
processed yeah yeah yeah and and in the
calculus for example those are tiny
little infinitesimal intervals okay but
they are not actually contained in the
states themselves they have a
neighborhood a little tangent space or
or what have you you know where you can
sort of draw little vectors that suggest
that some kind of processing is going on
but the idea of being a state and being
a process those are two different things
to the ordinary way of looking at it it
turns out that you can't properly
describe reality and causation at all
unless you put those things together
somehow and that's what it takes God to
do God provides the processing
functionality for your state the
universe works in a way similar to a
complex computer system with two main
parts what we can see and experience the
display and what makes everything work
behind the scenes the processor this
idea comes from the simulation
hypothesis which suggests our reality
might be like a sophisticated simulation
but God is isn't just part of the system
he's bigger than it and controls both
aspects what makes this understanding
unique is that everything we see exists
in different states like frozen moments
and time these states need something to
make them change and move forward and
that's where God's role becomes crucial
he provides the processing power that
makes everything work together not just
maintaining the universe but actively
participating in its operation this
understanding of how reality Works leads
us to a deeper question about
Consciousness how do we as conscious
beings fit into this complex system of
display and processing the answer
involves something called quantum
mechanics and identity operators now how
do I how do I make sense of
Consciousness well ordinarily Quantum
mechan you know what quantization is you
know I know the word yeah well you
decide what the the ultimate irreducible
objects are it turns out that in order
to quantize that theory I was talking
about that that theory of identity where
you've got the display and you've got
the processor and it's handling both it
turns out that in order to handle both
of those things you need a certain kind
of quantum that Quantum is called an
identity operator God is the identity so
obviously these little quanta they have
to be they're doing things they're
processing so we can call them operators
right they are identity operators okay
the identity operator has basically it
takes input from the outside world
recognizing it or accepts it using
syntax processes it and then returns it
to the world as external state that no
that's that's what I'm ask are you
telling me that this table is conscious
in that sense yes generically conscious
it's relying on our Consciousness to do
it there's levels of quantum these are
tertiary Quant they're all put together
using physical localistic forces right
but those are underdetermined they don't
fully determine what happens why the
Heisenberg uncertainty principle for
example it tells you that the quantum
rules they're probabilistic
Consciousness Works through a system of
identity operators special elements that
take information from the world process
it and return it back this isn't just
about human consciousness everything has
some level of awareness even simple
objects like tables the difference is in
the levels humans have a more complex
form of Consciousness while objects have
a simple version what makes this
understanding revolutionary is how it
connects to Quantum Mechanics where
things aren't completely determined but
work on probability this means
Consciousness isn't just observing
reality it's actively participating in
it the way we process and interact with
reality affects how it manifests this
understanding of Consciousness naturally
raises questions about free will if
everything has some level of
Consciousness and nothing is fully
determined what does this mean for our
ability to make choices now you you've
mentioned two things that raise a new
question for me which is you mentioned
this idea of simulation just the
simulation or self simulation and you've
mentioned us doing things so then it
would seem to me we have to tackle the
question do we really do much of
anything at all in the sense do we have
free
will yes we do okay I'm glad to hear it
I always thought we did well yes we have
to have free will oh I was discussing
with you earlier the idea of a fixed
array okay yeah all right now modern
physics know basically what you've got
is you've got a bunch of quantum fields
and superposition and then
those fields consist of little
fluctuations little Quantum fluctuations
right reality is actually generative
okay it's not a fixed manifold
everything is being created all the time
not just our states our states are being
recreated right when I look at you I'm
seeing Michael nolles okay I'm seeing
you sitting there but that means that
I'm seeing your boundary I'm seeing what
distinguishes you from the external
environment right right well sort of
like a a little baby right has trouble
uh recognizing the limits of things and
recognizing what some individual object
might be from you know the the glass on
the table they have trouble
distinguishing those precisely y okay
the baby has to learn to distinguish
those boundaries and it has to receive
the right visual cues at the right age
so that it can actually learn how to do
that y the concept of Free Will is
explained through Modern physics and
quantum mechanics unlike a fixed
predetermined Universe our reality is
constantly being created and recreated
when we observe something like looking
at another person we're not just
passively seeing them but actively
participating and creating Reality by
recognizing boundaries and distinctions
what makes this understanding powerful
is how it connects to Quantum fields and
fluctuations reality isn't like a movie
playing out in a predetermined way it's
more like a continuous process of
creation where we actively participate
this explains why babies must learn to
distinguish objects and boundaries
they're learning to participate in this
creative process of reality this view of
reality as an active creative process
where we have genuine Free Will leads us
to question what happens when we die so
speaking of this non-terminal domain in
a really basic question I'm not going to
ask you if I'm going to go to heaven or
hell but will I go to either heaven or
hell you will persist after you die okay
where you go depends on who Michael
nolles really
is but you're you're telling me I'm
going somewhere
yes you're confident of that I don't
just uh evap it I don't just turn into
Oblivion well you can if you displease
God that's exactly what's going to
happen to you God is going to cut you
off and he's going to say I can't see
him anymore he's going to turn away from
you and then you won't be able to
reunite salvation will be impossible for
you because salvation means that God has
got to pull you back into himself right
okay but God doesn't want to see you
anymore he doesn't even know you exist
he knows your physical body is there but
he's not interested anymore because you
hate him you deny his existence you
offend him so he's not going to look at
you right so now what happens well okay
you're dead you still want to live
there's something in you that still
desperately wants to live so it's still
going to be there what happens now well
you try to create your own world for
yourself but if you're a bad person or
you're an evil person what kind of world
is that going to be it's going to be an
evil world and that's what we
call hell if we are active participants
in creating reality does this
participation continue after death the
afterlife isn't just a matter of belief
it's presented as a logical continuation
of Consciousness after death our
existence continues but where we go
depends entirely on our relationship
with God this relationship isn't just
about following rules it's about
maintaining a connection with the source
of reality itself what makes this
understanding unique is how it explains
hell it's not a place of punishment but
a natural consequence of separation from
God when someone rejects God they try to
create their own reality but without
connection to the source of all reality
this self-created world reflects their
internal state if that state is evil
their reality becomes hellish this
concept of separation from God and the
creation of alternative realities leads
to question about other Spiritual Beings
and the nature of evil itself so we've
gotten through death judgment Heaven and
Hell Free Will and God our angels and
demons real yes God is real angels are
real demons are real is the devil real
oh yes yes well it has to be you know we
were talking about Michael noes being
surrounded by the medium and you know
you've got a boundary well God has a
boundary too he's got a very tight
boundary he's perfect he can't take
anything resembling imperfection right
he can't take it into himself because
that would be a contradiction y okay so
God needs an antithesis in order to be
properly defined what is that antithesis
anti-god or Satan so it definitely
exists now Satan isn't coherent because
you know he he basically hates existence
nevertheless he gains coherence through
human beings through secondary Tor as
they're called in the ctmu in other
words Satan can nucleate power
structures for example you know things
like corporations and governments where
you've got people in there that can be
acquired as resources and there's a kind
of skeleton you know a corporate
organization a governmental you know
organization that's holding them
together holding them in place that can
be
exploited by Satan the spiritual realm
includes beings like angels and demons
but most importantly it explains the
necessity of evil through the concept of
boundaries God being perfect has
absolute boundaries he cannot contain
imperfection this necessity for
boundaries creates the possibility of an
opposite Force represented by Satan
what's fascinating is how evil operates
Satan isn't powerful on his own but
gains strength through human structures
and choices unlike God who is complete
in himself evil needs human
participation to function often working
through organized systems like
corporations or governments this
explains why evil often appears
systematic and structured rather than
just random or chaotic this
understanding brings us full circle to
the original question of God's existence
showing how the entire structure of
reality including both good and evil
requires a perfect being at its Center