[Music]
everything you believe about separation
is an illusion there's something that
science has discovered but that few
people fully understand everything in
the universe is connected in a way that
defies time and space there is a hidden
energy field that intertwines not only
subatomic particles but also your
thoughts your emotions and most
importantly your destiny what does that
mean it means that your mind is
influencing reality in ways you've never
imagined from now on what you're about
to discover could change your reality
forever imagine you're holding two
identical dice you roll one in one place
and someone else rolls the other
thousands of miles away now imagine that
no matter the distance between them the
outcome of one always influences the
other instantly this isn't Magic it's a
real principle of quantum physics called
quantum
entanglement this phenomenon proven by
scientific experiments shows that
entangled particles remain invisibly
connected reacting to each other even
when separated by absurd
distances but what few people know is
that this principle can extend beyond
the microscopic world and influence your
life your mind and your energy if
everything in the universe is made of
energy and fundamental particles your
Consciousness could also be subject to
these same rules this means that your
thoughts intentions and emotions might
have a much greater impact than you
realize when you understand this truth
and learn how to use it consciously you
can start unlocking a hidden energy
that's always been within you but before
understanding how this can transform
your reality we need to explore what
actually connects your mind to the
universe your thoughts seem to exist
only inside your head but the truth is
they have a much greater reach than you
think scientists and quantum physics
researchers have discovered that
Consciousness is not confined to the
brain it interacts with the very fabric
of the universe one of the most
impressive studies was conducted by the
Heart maath Institute which found that
the human heart generates a powerful
electromagnetic field capable of
influencing not just your own body but
the environment around you this means
that your emotions and intentions can
travel Beyond you imp impacting other
people and even events if thoughts are
forms of energy and energy never
disappears where do your intentions and
emotions go when you project them into
the universe the concept of quantum
entanglement suggests there is an
interconnection between all particles
including those that make up your own
being this means that when you think
about something with emotional intensity
that vibration can resonate with another
part of the universe attracting
situations and responses aligned with
that frequency
this is why some people seem to manifest
opportunities encounters and events by
chance While others remain stuck in
repetitive cycles of struggles the
secret lies in how your mental waves
interact with this vast field of
invisible energy in the early 20th
century quantum physics began to reveal
a hidden side of reality the double slit
experiment demonstrated that light
particles photons behave differently
depending on whether or not they are
being observed
this means that the observer's
Consciousness influences matter
something that challenges the logic of
conventional science but there's an even
more impressive phenomenon quantum
entanglement in 1935 Albert Einstein
Boris Podolski and Nathan Rosen proposed
a theoretical experiment called the epr
Paradox suggesting that if entanglement
were real two particles could remain
connected even if they were separated by
light years of distance
decades later in 1982 physicist Allah
aspect proved that this was true he
demonstrated that by altering the state
of one particle its entangled partner
would change instantly without any
signal traveling between them this
confirmed that there is an invisible
connection between particles an
interconnection field that exists Beyond
time and space now think about it on a
broader scale if everything in the
universe is made of the same fundamental
particles then then why wouldn't your
mind your thoughts and your energy also
be subject to this same
interconnection the impacts of this
phenomenon on your life are profound and
one of the biggest drivers of this
interaction between your mind and the
universe is your subconscious a living
antenna that constantly picks up and
transmits
frequencies your thoughts aren't just
internal events inside your brain they
generate electromagnetic vibrations that
travel through space interacting with
the energy field around you but what's
even more fascinating is that this
emission doesn't only happen consciously
in fact most of it comes from your
subconscious research from The heartmath
Institute shows that the human heart
generates an electromagnetic field that
extends several meters beyond the body
this field interacts with other Energy
Systems acting as a bridge between your
emotions and the environment around you
and who controls most of this process
your subconscious
the subconscious is like a radio antenna
it is constantly picking up external
frequencies and emitting signals based
on your deepest beliefs this means that
if you have negative mental patterns
stored your subconscious will be
vibrating at that frequency attracting
situations and experiences that reflect
that energy but if you learn to
reprogram it you can start transmitting
a new frequency and thus radically
change the events that manifest in your
life think about this
have you ever noticed that when you're
in a negative emotional state it seems
like everything starts going wrong
around you or conversely when you're
full of positive energy opportunities
just seem to show up this happens
because your vibrational field responds
to what's stored in your
subconscious if the subconscious has the
power to Emit and pick up frequencies
shaping the reality around us then why
do most people fail to consciously
access this power the answer lies in the
mental programming we receive from birth
from an early age we're taught to
believe that reality is fixed that the
world is purely material and that we can
only change our lives through physical
effort and rational
logic this limited view blocks our
connection with the quantum laws of the
universe making us prisoners of a
reality that could be much more
expansive Dr Bruce Lipton a biologist
and epigenetics researcher demonstrated
that 95 % of our daily actions are
controlled by the subconscious and this
subconscious is primarily shaped in the
first seven years of life during this
phase our brain predominantly operates
at the Thea wave frequency a highly
receptive State similar to a hypnotic
trance it is during this time that we
absorb beliefs patterns and limitations
from the environment we live in if we
grow up hearing phrases like money is
hard to make you can't have everything
in life or you have have to work really
hard to get something these ideas become
automatic programs within the
subconscious later on even if we
consciously desire abundance success or
happiness our Deep Mind continues
emitting frequencies based on the
limiting beliefs we absorbed in
childhood these beliefs become internal
commands that shape our adult lives even
if rationally you no longer believe in
these statements your subconscious still
accepts them as truths here's how this
impacts your life in practice if your
subconscious believes that money is hard
to make you might still earn money but
somehow it always Slips Away through
unexpected expenses bad Investments or
opportunities that never
materialize if your mind was programmed
to believe that relationships are
difficult you might attract Partners who
reinforce that belief creating a
repetitive pattern of frustrations if
you were taught that you don't deserve
success you might notice that whenever
you're about to achieve something great
an obstacle appears to stop your
progress think about how many times
you've set a goal lose weight make more
money build a healthy relationship and
somehow ended up falling back into Old
Habits this happens because while your
conscious mind wants to follow One path
your subconscious is already programmed
to follow
another this is the reason why so many
people try to change their lives but
feel stuck in repetitive
Cycles they don't realize that their
energetic vibration is being determined
by a subconscious that still operates
under an old limiting program the
connection between your inner beliefs
and your external reality is a direct
reflection of what quantum physics calls
quantum entanglement but if changing
your life were as simple as changing
your thoughts everyone would already be
living the life of their dreams right
the problem is most people don't know
how to effectively reprogram the
subconscious
they spend their lives trying to change
external circumstances without realizing
that the true block is within them the
good news is that there are ways to
reverse this programming just like a
computer can be updated with new
software the subconscious can be
reprogrammed with new beliefs that
enable a new reality if everything in
the universe is connected how exactly
does this connection happen the answer
lies in entangled particles a Quantum
phenomenon that challenges our
understanding of reality
and reveals a hidden power within us
when two subatomic particles become
entangled they remain connected
regardless of the distance between them
if one changes its state the other
responds instantly as if they share the
same Consciousness the most impressive
part this communication happens without
any visible physical signal as if
there's a level of information beyond
space and time that keeps everything
unified but why is this important for
you because you're made of these
particles too your body your mind and
your Consciousness are part of this vast
interconnected field what quantum
physics is showing us is that our
connection to the universe is much
deeper than we ever realized and this
connection isn't just theoretical it can
be activated and used to transform your
life studies conducted by physicist
Roger Penrose and anesthesiologist
Stuart hamov suggest that Consciousness
might be linked to Quantum Behavior
within the microtubules of brain cells
this means that your own thoughts might
operate in an entangled way with the
universe if your mind influences the
reality around you then what you think
and feel isn't confined to your brain it
resonates in the quantum
field your intentions emotions and even
your worldview create waves that spread
Beyond you interacting with other
energies and shaping your life
experience have you ever had a sense
that something bad was about to happen
even without any obvious reason and then
saw it unfold or thought intensely about
someone and shortly after they reached
out to you this is the effect of quantum
interconnectedness between your mind and
the external reality if subatomic
particles can communicate instantly
regardless of distance imagine what
happens when your mind aligns with that
same frequency of interconnection your
intentions begin to manifest more
quickly you attract circumstances and
people that seem to be in the right
place at the right time your energy and
creativity levels increase you feel a
deeper connection with your intuition
and the natural flow of life if
everything in the universe is
interconnected then your thoughts and
emotions are energetic Transmissions
that interact with the very fabric of
reality what you feel and think doesn't
just disappear inside you this energy
propagates creating vibrational patterns
that influence everything around you
neuroscientist Dr Joe dispenser explains
that when you generate a thought it
creates a chemical reaction in the brain
which in turn triggers a corresponding
emotion that emotion strengthens the
thought forming a vicious cycle if
you're constantly thinking about failure
fear or scarcity your body vibrates at
that frequency and that vibration
affects your decisions your behavior and
most importantly what you attract into
your life life similarly if you
cultivate thoughts of success abundance
and gratitude your vibrational field
changes and your reality starts
reflecting this new frequency if you're
seeking success but have been
conditioned to believe that only a few
people are lucky your subconscious May
create invisible blocks that prevent
your progress in other words it's not
enough to just consciously want
something you need to align your deep
vibration with that intention
the first step in changing your
vibration is to reprogram your
subconscious to operate at a higher
energy level this means you need to send
consistent signals to your energy field
until your subconscious accepts this new
reality as true as we always say here
one of the most fundamental methods is
through meditation and
visualization when you enter a
meditative State your brain starts
operating at deeper frequencies Theta
and Delta which are ideal for accessing
the subconscious visualizing your goals
as if they're already a reality
reinforces this new
vibration repeating phrases like I am
worthy of abundance or my energy
attracts incredible experiences helps
recondition your mind to operate at a
new
frequency High vibration emotions like
gratitude and love strengthen your
energy field and make it easier to
connect with the
universe you can also combine meditation
here breathing deep deeply and invoking
these
emotions many limiting beliefs come from
past experiences that were stored in the
subconscious techniques like EFT
emotional Freedom technique and NLP
neurolinguistic programming can help
dissolve these
barriers when you consistently apply
these practices your thoughts and
emotions begin to vibrate in tune with
the natural flow of the universe and
when that happens something
extraordinary occurs your external
reality begins begins to shift to
reflect this new internal
frequency when you start aligning your
mind with the truth of quantum
entanglement something deep happens your
perception of reality
changes you stop seeing the world as a
collection of random events and start
realizing there's a greater flow of
intelligence connecting everything and
more importantly you become aware of
your role in this process the universe
responds to the vibration you emit when
your mind and subconscious are aligned
with thoughts of abundance well-being
and confidence this frequency reflects
back to you in the form of opportunities
unexpected encounters and
synchronicities that seem like
coincidences but in reality none of this
is random it's simply the quantum
Field's response to your new energetic
Transmissions many people who experience
this Awakening report similar patterns
of
transformation synchronicities incre
inrease you start noticing that events
and encounters seem to fall into place
perfectly as if the universe is guiding
you you think of a solution and it shows
up you wish for an opportunity and it
appears at the right time your emotional
state naturally improves negative
emotions like fear and anxiety lose
their power because your mind is no
longer stuck in the illusion of
separation and
Chaos instead you feel an inner peace
from the certainty that everything is
connected and flowing in your favor you
attract people and experiences that
resonate with your new vibration when
your frequency changes your external
reality changes too people who once were
a part of your life may drift away while
new connections emerge bringing
opportunities aligned with your new
energy challenges lose their power over
you problems and obstacles don't
magically disappear but your reaction to
them
transforms you start to see them as part
of a bigger learning process rather than
viewing them as punishments or failures
however there's a major mistake that
prevents many people from maintaining
this state of alignment the fluctuation
between faith and doubt often when we
start changing our frequency the
universe tests us unexpected challenges
arise situations that seem to contradict
this new reality we're creating and if
in that moment you give into fear
insecurity or re vert to Old thought
patterns you slow down or even block the
transformation process this happens
because the universe always asks for
confirmation before solidifying a new
reality for you this concept means that
when you decide to change internally the
universe needs to test your vibration to
make sure you're truly committed to this
transformation imagine that you decide
to attract more Prosperity into your
life and start changing your beliefs
about money in the the first few days
everything seems to be going well until
suddenly an unexpected expense or a
financial setback
occurs in that moment most people react
with frustration and fear slipping back
into the old frequency of
scarcity and this is exactly where many
people fail what they don't realize is
that this situation isn't a sign of
failure but rather a test from the
universe to confirm whether your new
vibration is solid if you fa face this
challenge with the same old mindset the
universe understands that your frequency
hasn't truly
changed but if you maintain your
confidence act with certainty and
continue vibrating in abundance the
universe records this new frequency as
your new
reality this applies to any change if
you decide you want a healthier
relationship you might notice old toxic
patterns showing up again this is a test
to see if you respond differently or
repeat the same
mistakes if you want more professional
success you might face obstacles at
first like a difficult client or a
challenging project if you persist the
universe understands that you're ready
to move forward if you want to develop
more self-confidence you might face
unexpected criticism this happens to see
if your self-esteem has really changed
or if you still depend on external
validation the universe doesn't
challenge you to make you give up it
does it to ensure that you're ready to
receive what you've asked for when you
understand this Dynamic challenges are
no longer seen as obstacles but are
viewed as signs of
progress they don't mean you're
failing they mean that your new reality
is being
adjusted in the previous video we went
deeper into how this alignment with the
universe happens so after finishing this
one make sure to check it out there's a
difference between just think thinking
about something and feeling as if it
already is real the universe responds to
your emotional frequency not just your
rational desire if you want wealth but
feel anxiety and worry when thinking
about money that negative emotion sends
out a signal of scarcity and your
reality reflects that now if you desire
wealth and can feel gratitude and
abundance even before having the money
your vibration shifts and the universe
responds to that new frequency
Dr Joe dispenser explains that the key
to manifestation is putting yourself in
the emotional state of what you wish to
experience even before it happens
physically when you enter that state
your subconscious starts accepting this
new reality as true and your energy
aligns with what you want to manifest if
you want to change your reality you
first need to change your internal
frequency here are three practical steps
to do that observe and change your
thoughts
identify which mental patterns are
creating your current reality whenever
you notice negative thoughts replace
them with thoughts aligned with the
reality you want to create enter the
correct emotional state it's not enough
to just repeat positive
affirmations you need to feel like
you're already living the life you want
this can be done through intense
visualization where you imagine your
ideal reality and feel the emotion as if
it were real
act according to your new vibration your
energy needs to be supported by aligned
actions if you want abundance but act
out of fear of spending or losing money
your subconscious is still stuck in
scarcity your actions need to reflect
confidence in the new reality you want
to create many spiritual phenomena that
were once considered mystical can now be
analyzed through the lens of quantum
physics experiences like deja vu
premonitions synchronicities and even
the intense emotional connection between
two people can be explained by the
principle of quantum entanglement many
ancient spiritual Traditions spoke about
this interconnection long before modern
science began to study it Concepts like
Prana in Hindu tradition chi in Chinese
culture and the akashic field in Western
esotericism describe an invisible field
that connects everything in the universe
now quantum physics validates these
concepts by showing that there is in
fact a subtle energy field that
permeates everything the renowned
Quantum physicist Dr David bone proposed
the theory of the holographic Universe
suggesting that the reality we perceive
is merely a manifestation of a much
larger interconnected field of
information Quantum physicist Irvin
Schrodinger stated the mind and the
world are one suggesting that
Consciousness is not something separate
from physical reality but rather a
fundamental manifestation of the
universe
itself this perspective aligns with the
spiritual concept that we are all part
of one universal Consciousness
experiencing reality through different
perspectives this means that your mind
is not isolated within your brain your
thoughts intentions and emotions not
only affect your own body but also
interact with the universal energy field
this could explain phenomena like the
feeling that you've known someone before
you've actually met them in this life
could be a reflection of the energetic
entanglement between
Souls events that seem like coincidences
but are actually direct responses to the
frequencies you are emitting quantum
entanglement doesn't just happen between
subatomic particles it could explain
spiritual connections between people if
particles can remain connected across
time and space what's stopping our
Consciousness from being connected in
the same way
this could explain why we feel another
person's energy deeply even from a
distance or why twins can sense when
something happens to the other even
Concepts like soulmates can be viewed
through this lens they would be two
consciousnesses that were once entangled
and continue to vibrate in resonance
regardless of physical separation
moreover many spiritual practitioners
talk about the connection with the all a
state in which the Mind transcends
separation and experiences Unity with
the
universe this state often achieved
through deep meditation is described in
terms similar to Altered States Of
Consciousness studied by Neuroscience
and quantum physics many people try to
change their lives only at the conscious
level they make positive affirmations
set goals try to think differently but
deep down they still feel doubt fear and
scarcity this creates a vibrational
conflict you may say that you believe in
a
but if deep down you feel anxious every
time you think about money your true
vibration is misaligned ask yourself
what do I really feel about what I want
to manifest if there is fear doubt or
resistance that means your vibration is
not aligned emotion is the factor that
shapes vibration if you want abundance
ask yourself how would I feel if I were
already financially prosperous and
cultivate that feeling every day the
most effective way way to change your
vibration is to act as if you are
already the person you want to become if
you want more confidence act with
confidence if you desire success make
decisions like someone who is successful
your subconscious needs evidence to
accept a new reality if you want to
master this connection with the universe
and learn how to consciously manifest
your reality I invite you to join the
quantum thinking challenge a 21-day
program where you'll reprogram your mind
elevate your vibration
and unlock your full energetic potential
for 3 weeks you'll receive daily
practices to transform your frequency
and start attracting everything you
desire the first participants have
already sent me incredible achievements
that are showing up in their lives are
you ready for yours check it out in the
first pinned comment now that you
understand the power of quantum
entanglement the influence of the
subconscious and the impact of your
vibration on manifesting reality there's
just one one more essential element
missing complete surrender to the flow
of the universe the final key to
accessing your hidden energy is a state
of absolute trust this means aligning
your vibration with what you desire
while simultaneously letting go of the
need to control the how and the when it
may seem contradictory but here's how it
works the more you desire something with
anxiety and doubt the more you reinforce
the idea that you don't have it yet this
lack frequency blocks the universe from
responding with flow on the other hand
when you're fully aligned and confident
with no fear no anxiety just knowing
that what you want is already in motion
your reality starts to transform in
almost a magical way the secret is
reaching a state of vibrational
certainty this means you already feel
and act as though the desired change has
already happened there's no more doubt
no more waiting just the absolute
certainty that the universe is working
in your favor here are four ways to
access this key in your life practice
unwavering Faith it's not about waiting
to see before you believe you need to
believe First vibrate as if you've
already achieved what you want and then
reality will start adjusting be grateful
before manifestation gratitude is one of
the most powerful energies for
realigning your vibration when you feel
genuine gratitude as if you've already
already received what you want the
universe responds by bringing it into
your reality step into the flow of
Detachment desire vibrate align and then
let go trust that the Universe knows the
fastest and most perfect way to bring
what's yours act as if it's already real
if you had already achieved what you
want how would you act how would you
think how would you behave start living
that way now now the universe doesn't
respond to your desire it responds to
your certainty and when you reach that
state of absolute alignment no
resistance no fear no attachment
everything starts moving in your favor
you no longer need to search for Power
outside of yourself it's always been
within you waiting to be
awakened if this message resonated with
you comment
below I'm ready to awaken my true
power and if you want to keep receiving
content like this subscribe to the
channel and turn on
notifications your transformation
journey is just beginning