this is your electromagnetic field your
thoughts and emotions determine its
strength this is what many refer to as
your Vibe your Vibe is the vibration you
emanate diseases and illnesses are
Tethered to lower vibrational
frequencies if you resonate with these
frequencies you become susceptible to
such ailments however if you align with
higher frequencies you stand apart from
these detrimental vibrations thoughts
possess an electric nature originating
from the brain while emotions magnetic
in essence resonate deeply within the
heart it's a universal truth magnetism
always surpasses electricity this
explains why your heart is magnetically
5 000 times more powerful than your
brain in essence your heart communicates
speaking to the ethers surrounding you
so when you passionately Envision and
emotionally align with the desired
reality you're adopting that specific
vibration many term this alignment a
mindset to harness this you must direct
both your thoughts and emotions towards
the reality you aspire to drag it closer
to you your field is punctuated by seven
distinct energy centers each drawing its
power from this very field misusing or
overburdening these centers can drain
The Field's energy leading to a decline
in your vibrational frequency
foreign
forces within the human body is an
astonishing Symphony of nature that has
piqued the interest of researchers for
decades this Duality often compared to
the yin and yang of Eastern philosophy
demonstrates the perfect balance in our
biological systems let's delve deeper
into the world of biophysics every
neuron in our brain fires an electric
signal known as an action potential this
electrical activity can be measured
using an electroencephalogram on average
the human brain at rest produces an
electrical output of about 20 microvolts
when one multiplies this by the
estimated 86 billion neurons in the
human brain the cumulative electrical
activity becomes significant however
while this electric aspect of her being
is indeed profound the magnetic
component primarily centered within our
heart takes precedence in terms of sheer
power
magnetocardiography
MCG a technique used to measure the
heart's magnetic fields has provided
some astounding insights according to
studies the heart's magnetic field
generated by intricate processes like
the cardiac dipole and swirling vortices
of blood flow extends up to 12 feet
outside the body its strength is about
2.5 picoteslas which when compared to
the brain's magnetic field strength of
approximately 0.5 picoteslas as measured
by magnetoencephalography or Meg stands
as a testament to the heart's magnetic
superiority the heart math Institute a
Pioneer in heart brain research has
delved deep into this area their Studies
have revealed that when an individual
experiences emotions like love or
compassion the heart produces a more
coherent sinusoidal waveform indicating
a stable and harmonious magnetic field
in contrast emotions like anger or
frustration result in erratic chaotic
patterns moreover research from Dr
Roland mccrady one of the leading
figures in heart brain Dynamics found
that the heart's electromagnetic field
contains encoded information this field
interacts with the surrounding
environment and can be detected by other
living beings influencing their
physiological and emotional states it's
a dance of electromagnetic resonance
where our heart with its robust magnetic
field leads the way the concept of ether
may seem esoteric but from a scientific
standpoint it's reminiscent of the
quantum field theories that underline
modern physics it's positive that our
emotions particularly when Amplified by
the heart's magnetic field can influence
this Quantum field thereby impacting the
reality around us Dr Dean radin a
parapsychologist and researcher
conducted experiments suggesting that
human consciousness through intention
and emotion can influence the outcomes
in Quantum double slit experiments
drawing these threads together it
becomes evident that our hearts isn't
just a mechanical pump it's an energetic
Dynamo that communicates with the
universe at a fundamental level by
understanding and harnessing this dual
nature of our being electric and
magnetic we tap into an ancient wisdom
underscored by modern science a bridge
between the tangible and intangible the
known and the mysterious
the ancient wisdom of as within some
without aligns perfectly with our modern
understanding of vibration and his
profound influence on the nature of
reality while the realm of quads and
mechanics might seem far removed from
our day-to-day lives at its core it's
intrinsically tied to the very fabric of
her existence renowned physicists sir
Roger Penrose often cited the interplay
of quantum events and shaping
Consciousness delving into the
microscopic world every atom and
subatomic particle vibrates at specific
frequencies which in turn dictates its
interaction with the universe
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle
further posits that are very observation
of these particles changes their
behavior implying that our conscious
intentions can in a sense mold the
outcomes of quantum events Dr masuru
imoto's groundbreaking work on Water
Crystals provides a fascinating insight
into this interplay of Consciousness and
reality in his experiments he exposed
water to different intentions emotions
and words then froze them creating ice
crystals remarkably water exposed to
positive affirmations and emotions
formed beautiful symmetrical crystals
whereas negative intentions led to
incoherent formations given that our
bodies are composed of over 60 percent
water the implications are vast our
thoughts and emotions can influence our
very cellular structure furthermore the
placebo effect has been a baffling
phenomenon for the medical community
when patients believe they're receiving
a treatment even if it's just a sugar
pill their bodies often respond as if
they've received real medication this
isn't mere positive thinking numerous
studies like those published in the New
England Journal of Medicine have shown
actual physiological changes from
alterations and heart rate to changes in
brain activity all brought about by a
change in mindset Lynn mctaggart's Book
the intention experiment delves deep
into how focused thought can produce
tangible effects in the physical world
drawing from numerous controlled
experiments McTaggart deposits that are
collective Consciousness can influence
physical systems from the growth rate of
plants to the crystalline structure of
water moreover the burgeoning field of
epigenetics underscores the power of the
environment in shaping our genes Dr
Bruce lipton's Research indicates that
genes can be turned on or off based on
their beliefs thoughts and emotions our
internal vibrational frequency can quite
literally shape our biology
incorporating this knowledge the concept
of crafting our reality through
vibration transforms from an esoteric
idea to scientifically grounded
Principle as we align our vibrational
frequency with our desires we harness
the intricate dance of quantum mechanics
biology and Consciousness to paint our
world through intention focus and belief
we become both the artist and the
Masterpiece forever intertwined in the
grand tapestry of existence
foreign
lies an intricate system of energy
centers interwoven with our
physiological and neural networks
although often likened to the esoteric
concept of chakras and Eastern
philosophies scientific research has
begun to delve into understanding these
centers from a more empirical
perspective Dr Valerie hunt a professor
at UCLA conducted pioneering studies in
the 1970s where she recorded the
electrical activity from the skin
surface above the locations typically
associated with chakras she found
patterns of electromagnetism that were
distinct from the regular electrical
patterns produced by the heart brain and
muscle activity these electromagnetic
signatures unique to each Center were
responsive to emotional and
psychological States it's fascinating to
think that each of these energy centers
could correlate with the dense clusters
of nerve cells and major endocrine
glands in our body for instance the
center typically associated with the
heart might correlate with the thymus
gland playing a role in immune system
regulation a diminished vibration in
this area could mean a weakened immune
response however these centers while
resilient are not inexhaustible just as
an overused muscle weakens and requires
rest so do these energy points when
subjected to stress negative emotions or
physical depletion in essence they
function akin to an electromagnetic
battery and if this battery is
continually drained without periods of
recharge its overall capacity diminishes
how do we go about rejuvenating these
crucial energy centers the answer might
lie in our very environment a study from
the Journal of environmental psychology
explored the calming effects of nature
on the human psyche participants who
spent time in natural environments like
forests or Parks exhibited reduced
levels of cortisol stress hormone and
enhanced mood compared to those in urban
settings this natural calming effect
could play a role in rebalancing our
electromagnetic field moreover grounding
or earthing direct contact with the
Earth's surface has garnered attention
in the scientific Community a review in
the Journal of environmental and public
health found that grounding can produce
intriguing physiological changes
including improved sleep reduced pain
and decreased stress this might be due
to the Earth's surface electrons acting
as natural antioxidants neutralizing
positively charged free radicals in our
bodies when it comes to nutrition live
Foods particularly fruits and vegetables
have a bioelectric energy any study led
by Dr Bjorn hammersund at Chalmers
University of Technology it was found
that cells and fresh produce have
immeasurable bioelectric field consuming
these Foods might not just nourish us
biochemically but bioelectrically as
well as research advances it becomes
increasingly clear that our well-being
is a delicate dance of electromagnetic
rhythms environmental interactions and
conscious choices by understanding and
harnessing this knowledge we're better
equipped to navigate and optimize the
Symphony of energies within and around
us
[Music]
the interconnectedness of our
vibrational frequency and health cannot
be understated for Millennia Mystics and
healers have intimated that our
energetic alignment holds the key to our
well-being today modern science embarks
on the same Voyage of Discovery
unearthing the subtle nuances of this
intricate relationship at the Forefront
of this Revelation is the understanding
that every cell every microorganism
indeed everything that exists vibrates
at a specific frequency Dr Royal Rife a
renowned 20th century scientist
postulated that every disease has a
unique quantifiable frequency this was
no mere conjecture using a device he
invented the Rife machine he
demonstrated that specific frequencies
could destabilize and Destroy pathogens
by sending out a frequency that
resonated at the exact opposite of the
bacteria or virus it was effectively
neutralized much like an opera singer
shattering a glass with a high-pitched
note in a world brimming with a myriad
of frequencies our dietary choices
significantly modularly our internal
vibratory landscape processed foods
often Laden with artificial additives
and stripped of natural Vitality
resonate at lower frequencies when
consumed they introduce these lower
frequencies into our system dampening
our vibrational potential in contrast
fresh fruits and vegetables pulsating
with life and nurtured by sunlight
vibrate at higher frequencies consuming
Such live foods not only nourishes the
body but also elevates our energetic
signature moreover a study published in
the Journal of Applied Nutrition
showcased the differential effects of
various Foods on human
bioelectromagnetic Fields the results
were Illuminating raw organic produce
Amplified these fields whereas processed
foods diminish them thus the adage you
are which you eat gains a profound new
dimension every thought emotion and
external stimulus we encounter also
impinges on our vibrational milieu
stress negative thoughts and exposure to
harmful electromagnetic fields can
depress our frequencies meanwhile
meditation positive affirmations and
nature immersion can Elevate them
the interconnectedness of human beings
goes beyond mere social interactions and
into the realm of energy Dynamics
scientifically speaking everything is
energy and the transfer of this energy
is not limited solely to the realm of
the scene from a more esoteric
perspective it's believed that we are
surrounded by an aura a subtle
electromagnetic field that interacts
with external energies let's delve into
the science first at core every atom in
our body is a vibration of energy and
every interaction be it physical or
emotional has the potential to influence
this energy recent advances in the field
of neurocardiology provide compelling
evidence for this interplay of energies
the heart as the most potent
electromagnetic organ emits an
electromagnetic field that can be
measured several feet away from the body
this field can and does change based on
our emotions studies from the heart math
Institute have shown that positive
emotions like gratitude or love can
produce smooth coherent patterns in the
heart's electromagnetic field while
negative emotions produce incoherent
Jagged patterns but how does this relate
to the influence of external energies
imagine two instruments playing in a
room if they are in tune with each other
they create Harmony if not they produce
dissonance similarly when we are in the
presence of some one emitting a coherent
positive heart field we may feel
uplifted more at peace or more positive
conversely when exposed to incoherent
heart fields we might feel drained
irritable or even anxious moreover our
environment plays a crucial role in this
energetic interplay places like people
Harbor energy areas with the history of
trauma high stress or negative events
can retain incoherent energy patterns
impacting those sensitive to it on the
contrary environments like Serene
forests or tranquil beaches can emit
coherent energies aligning with and
rejuvenating our own while these
Concepts may seem esoteric they are
rooted in the tangible realm of science
as our understanding of quantum physics
neurocardiology and human biology
deepens the boundary between the
scientific and the mystical becomes ever
more permeable the realization emerges
that in this vast Universe of vibrations
frequencies and energies we are not
isolated entities instead we are
interconnected nodes constantly
influencing and being influenced by the
energies that surround us thus choosing
our surroundings and Company wisely
isn't just Sage advice it's a pathway to
energetic equilibrium and well-being as
we arrive at the conclusion of this
video please take into consideration
that with every video I produce I strive
to uncover more evidence and offer a
clearer perspective on the subject at
hand this video is a beacon for those
with an insatiable thirst for knowledge
for the individuals who believe there's
more to life who recognize the
miraculous nature of the human body and
who sense that somewhere out there there
are individuals privy to profound
insights secrets of transcendence
insights into the psyche vibrational
phenomena wonders of the Mind energy
Mysteries arcane knowledge and spiritual
attunements I encourage you to embark on
your own research Journey while I hope
this video quenches your thirst for
knowledge I assure you that with every
video I will continue to refine my
understanding by delving deeper into
research readings and more
foreign