it is referred to as the architecture of
the universe and even the fingerprints
of God sacred geometry is found
throughout the natural world indeed it
is all around us an aspect of the true
matrix if you have the eye to see it it
is also one of the very few subjects
which appeals to both left brain and
right brain ways of thinking at the same
time it satisfies the left brains desire
for logical sequential and objective
data or to put it simply looking at the
parts it also satisfies the right brains
desire for random intuitive and
subjective data the study of the whole
it is simply not possible to cover all
aspects of sacred geometry people have
spent entire lifetimes contemplating
just one aspect of sacred geometry such
as a rabbi studying the Kabbalistic tree
of life I will do my best to introduce
you to the basics and hopefully inspire
you to research further on your own the
only logical place to start is to show
you how nature created its very first
pattern nature can also be substituted
with God or spirit whatever is your
preferred term it doesn't matter as they
are describing the same one reality that
we all share it is also interesting to
note that Genesis in the Bible
essentially describes the process I'm
about to show you however it should be
told that this wisdom was most likely
taken from the ancient Egyptian mystery
schools and that it is not original to
the Bible in the beginning there was the
void and within this infinite void is
the Spirit of God this spirit has not
manifested anything yet so the I've
Horus I'm using here to represent spirit
of God is not a reality
in other words essentially God and the
void are one but obviously I cannot show
you God and the void as one as they
cannot be depicted graphically at the
same time that is the nature of
emptiness
at this point there are no dimensions or
space and there is no time there is also
only two options available for God
remain in this state of static
omnipresence will begin creating God
will begin creation eventually however
as there is no time it is relevant to
ask how long it took to make the
decision to begin creating reality okay
so now God has decided to begin creation
but before this can happen God needs to
create a canvas on which he is to paint
his masterpiece the first thing that God
does is create the three dimensions it
does this by projecting a beam of
consciousness from a single point in all
six directions front back left right up
and down in equal measure bear in mind
that the void is infinite and that
distance has not been defined yet so it
does not matter how far these beams are
projected from the point it makes no
difference you must also understand that
what I'm showing here graphically is not
a reality that is the structures being
created on not material in any form
there are imaginary lines they are pure
consciousness you may need to pause or
replay this video several times before
the implications become apparent see at
this point
God is halfway to creating space in
order to complete this process it must
define some boundaries because as I
mentioned before the void is infinite
and if no boundaries are defined then
relative movements of spirits remain
impossible to define some boundaries or
God needs to do is connect the end of
every point to the end of every other
point beauty of this and indeed the
entire process itself said God cannot
make a mistake it is simply impossible
once all the ends are connected what we
have is an octahedron which is feed from
the correct perspective reveals a
hexagram
also known as the Star of David now that
some boundaries have been defined
relative movements are now possible
single points of consciousness can now
move away from the defined central
location whereas previously there was
nothing to move relative to
in the Bible Eve was supposedly created
from Adam's rib obviously this has no
relevance to the present world except
maybe with unnatural foetus creation
techniques but when this story is
compared with the next step in the
process you can begin to appreciate the
idea that maybe the Bible is only an
exoteric recreation of an older esoteric
wisdom the octahedron is made up of
purely straight lines in the sacred
geometry straight lines are considered
to be male and curved lines female so at
this point what we have is a purely male
shape this is why the Freemasons
consider the male to be the generating
principle the next step involves
spinning this octahedron in one full
rotation around each of the three axis
to find previously again no mistake can
be made it doesn't matter which
direction it is spun or and what's order
that axis are chosen the end result will
always be that the parameters of a
perfect sphere have been traced now we
have a purely female shape Eve has now
been created from Adam God has now
created a perfect spherical membrane and
once again it's only has two options
available it's can either remain static
and explore this imaginary shape for all
eternity or it can repeat the process
described thus far the only difference
is now God has a reference point the
spherical membrane on which to repeat
the process it does not matter where
spirit chooses on the membrane to begin
the process as it is a perfect sphere
plus all points are identical to each
other it cannot make a mistake at this
point god only knows how to do two
things projecting an octahedron and
creating a spherical membrane and moving
its point of awareness to what is newly
created the next step is described in
Genesis in the Bible and thus the next
process is commonly referred to as the
Genesis pattern so God moves to the
surface of the newly created spherical
membrane and begins projecting another
identical sphere God moved upon the face
of the waters and God said let there be
light this has created a very special
shape called the vesica Pisces this
shape can be found twice in your own
body the appearance of the human eye
behind the eyelids and also the lens
within the eye which adjust the focus of
light the significance of this
connection demonstrates both the left
brain and a right brain idea and it
certainly shocked me when I was first
introduced to it once again god only has
two options remain static or project
another sphere to project the third
sphere God moves to what is newly
created which is this circle equator
created by the two original intersecting
spheres again it does not matter where
God chooses on this circle as the
central point for the third sphere as
all points on this circle are identical
after the third sphere is created there
is only one more rule God follows when
creating the rest of the spheres which
complete the first stage of this pattern
the rule is always move to the innermost
circle points before projecting another
sphere this results in the process being
perfect and prevents a chaotic mess
being created
at the creation of each new sphere more
and more patterns or information become
available such as the vesica pisces
mentioned earlier the patterns contained
within after each new sphere is added is
far too extensive to cover in detail all
that remains to be said is after seven
spheres have been created in a vortex
like motion what we have as a result is
known as the seed of life this basic
pattern lays the foundation for the
creation of matter and the universe
itself
it also gives rise to a shape known as a
tube torus if the pattern is spun around
the central point this shape is the only
one in existence that can fold upon
itself it is also composed of seven
equal segments which can be displayed
visually using the seven colors of the
visible light spectrum the seed of life
is not the complete pattern there are
two more steps to take which each reveal
yet another layer and also another new
set of patterns and information
following the rule of always move to the
innermost points before projecting god
creates an additional six circles on top
of the existing seed of life pattern
this motion is often referred to as the
second vortex motion this process is
repeated once more the third vortex
motion which finally gives rise to the
next new complete pattern known as the
Flower of Life this pattern is found
throughout the ancient world but the
oldest depiction was found at the temple
of Osiris in Egypt inched into the
granite using a process unknown to
modern science once again if we proceed
through two more vortex like motions
adding additional circles to the flower
of life eventually we reach the next new
complete layer the final layer as far as
this is understood notice the fruit of
life God has now finished creating the
pattern which is used as a template for
all material things remember this
pattern is still purely imaginary purely
consciousness at this point you may now
be starting to comprehend the basis of
the idea that we live in the holographic
universe everything can be reduced to
just two things structure and
consciousness without obviously even
structure is derived from consciousness
it is a funny feeling knowing that you
exist as a creation of consciousness of
God given how solid and real the
physical world appears in the next video
I will expand upon some of the patterns
information contained within the forms I
showed you in this video and how this
fundamental person nature's first person
gives rise to matter and how it is
intimately involved with many aspects of
the physical world