so how do you cause something to go from
the future to the
past if I were at an intelligence agency
and I heard there was a guy with the
highest IQ ever recorded who was
contradicting the liberal establishment
agenda I'd probably have a file on that
guy have you uh have you had any run-ins
with the some interest has been shown
most of us have an IQ of 100 score in
the 140 range and you're in the genius
to near genius category 195 to 200 well
you're talking one in several billion
people now historians figure that
Einstein and Franklin scored about 160
Darwin 165 Galileo 185 Isaac Newton 190
that means Langan could possibly be the
smartest person in the world so for
those of us who have an IQ that's a
little bit lower than yours I'm I'll
admit it I with no false modesty and no
uh undue confidence the first question
we have to establish does God exist
[Music]
yes the reality has an
identity okay the identity is that as
which something exists okay matter of
fact when you say the word reality
you're naming an identity it is you're
identifying something this I'm I'm
smiling because your your answer on this
is so beautiful it it just reminds me of
of Moses at the burning bush and Moses
at the burning bush says who shall I
tell the people that you are talking to
God and God says tell them I am that I
am that's right I am identity itself I'm
being himself exactly that's exactly
right that's what the ctmu says it's
just comes up with the mathematical
structure that you need to build a
reality out of that you see so you come
up with that identity and then you
search it for its properties you see you
once you've built the preliminary
framework then you start deducing the
property of this identity and you find
out that those properties match those of
God as described in most of the world's
major religions the reality isn't just
geometric which is what Einstein thought
it was Nor is it just linguistic it's a
blend of the two right Russell saw it as
being linguistic Einstein saw it as
being geometric okay so I decided that
reality must be logico geometric putting
the two of them together of course then
I realized well I've got to put together
a theory constructive theory in which
reality is actually logical geometric
and so that's where the ctmu came from
and the ctmu is the cognitive theoretic
model of the univers cognitive theoretic
model of the univers this is your Theory
of Everything my theory of everything
and it's all in the name if you take a
good close look at that you've got
cognitive theory and of course you know
a theory is a kind of language theoretic
language okay and then you've got
cognitive theoretic model you've got a
model and then you've got Universe
you've got a language you've got a
universe and then the model is the
mapping between them ctmu says those are
all the same thing all of those terms
all of those those those properties are
distributed everywhere over reality
reality can have only one structure when
once you realize that and you implement
it in theoretical form but this is so
important that you're not just talking
about this siloed aspect of thought or
this you know philosophy over here
language over here math over here
physics over here but you're presenting
something that is universal correct
correct absolute and Universal to get
the absolute invariance the absolute
truths of reality you know things that
are true everywhere you go no matter you
know at what time you exist or in what
place you exist it's the same H so so
we're not just we're not just defining
God out of existence sometimes you'll
hear people uh say God exists and and
but they'll give God such a a weak
shallow definition that the god that
they're describing has no uh no relation
to the god that we conceive of you're
saying No this God is God God himself is
conscious and and therefore personal yes
you can establish a personal
relationship with God we're images of
God you know what an image is it's
basically the product of a mapping God
Maps himself into each human being right
that's a very personal thing that God is
doing for us right and I don't
understand how anybody can say that it's
any different we reflect the structure
of the universe each one of us we're
carried by it everything we do we exist
in a medium what is that
Medium right where did it come from what
holds it together what is the unifying
coherence the source of coherence of
that Medium now is your claim that is
your claim a pantheistic claim that God
is the universe or the universe is God
and that's that or no or is God outside
of the universe and created God is
greater than well what is the
universe damned if I know you ever hear
the simulation hypothesis yes okay well
simulation hypothesis is basically the
idea the reality we see around this
physical reality is simulated on some
sort of a an automaton or or a or a
computer yeah some some aliens somewhere
have just uh they've fooled us the idea
is that you've got some kind of an
automaton running you've got a
simulation running on it and God it's
more panentheistic you know what
panentheism is I do uh I think I do but
that means that uh we are in God in let
let me know how I've gone wrong we are
in God and God is in us and it is not
merely that God and the creation are one
and the same but they are quite related
is that something approaching
pantheism a little bit yes there's uh
there's the idea is that you've got the
physical universe that you see around
you but God is Not confined to the
physical universe okay see there's a an
ordinary pantheist thinks assumes that
God is somehow confined to the universe
that there is just what we see around us
and God is in every piece of it God is
distributed over it yeah but it's uh
it's a little bit more complex than that
because this part of the universe that
we see around us cannot exist just by
itself yeah okay there are certain
things that it
entails and when you go into those
entailments that's how you get to God
that's how you get to the identity of
reality okay and now to get back to the
to the reality self simulation or at
least that's what I call it self
simulation but to get back to the
simulation
hypothesis that we're living in the
display of that simulation in addition
to the display there is also a
processing aspect okay and God it
captures both of those things it
captures both the display and the
processor what what do you mean I I hate
to put it in the in well I mean okay
here's the display you realize the
display contains States y okay you see
things the objects contain states are
static that's why they're called States
okay static how do they change well they
have to be processed something has to
process yeah yeah yeah and and in the
calculus for example those are tiny
little infinite decimal intervals okay
but they are not actually contained in
the states themselves they have a
neighborhood a little tangent space or
or what have you you know where you can
sort of draw little vectors that suggest
that some kind of processing is going on
but the idea of being a state and being
a process those are two different things
to the in the ordin ordinary way of
looking at it okay it turns out that you
can't properly describe reality and
causation at all unless you put those
things together somehow and that's what
it takes God to do okay God provides the
processing functionality for your state
you have an internal State an external
State you're a material human being yeah
right like to explain how that is
changing through time you and
maintaining its coherence through time
even as it changes that's what you need
God for yeah I I certainly agree with
that entirely and so I might not be
sophisticated enough to F to parse all
of the quibbles that there might be but
broadly speaking as a Christian so much
of what you're saying resonates as
obviously true for me the idea that uh
well I'm a member of the body of Christ
the idea that God creates the world in
this uh great Act of love this great Act
of Charity self love and and yeah yeah
self love don't forget you're an image
of God so in loving himself God loves
you and God and and this and you're
supposed to love God back right and this
ties into something like the Trinity
right the idea that God is three persons
in one Divine Unity so all of this is
making a lot of sense to me so now how
do I how do I make sense of
Consciousness well it turns out that in
order to quantize that theory that I was
talking about that that theory of
identity where you've got the display
and you've got the processor and it's
handling
both it turns out that in order to
handle both of those things you need a
certain kind of quantum that Quantum is
called an identity operator God is the
identity so obviously these little
quanta they have to be they they're
doing things they're processing so we
can call them operators right they are
identity operators okay the identity
operator has basically it takes input
from the outside world recognizes it or
accepts it using syntax processes it and
then returns it to the world as external
State okay so things come in then they
are processed right there's throughput
which is you could call that the
subjective or internal state of the
identity operator and then it's returned
to the external universe so what I'm
saying is that's Consciousness and I'm
saying that it Consciousness exists in
every part of the universe because those
are the quantum no that's that's what
I'm asking are you telling me that this
table is conscious in that sense yes
generically conscious but it's relying
on our Consciousness to do it we have
there's there's levels of quantum okay
these are tertiary Quant they're all put
together using physical localistic
forces right but those are underd
determinative they don't fully determine
what happens why the Heisenberg
uncertainty principle for example it
tells you that you know you know the the
the quantum rules they're probabilistic
right they don't actually determine
events okay so what determines
events we do we don't know how we do it
but we do it when everybody's will is
put together we're all creating the best
possible Universe we can for ourselves
and God is what harmonizes all of our
different perspectives and makes things
happen for all of us at the same time
and if we were doing things correctly
this would be the best of all possible
worlds
sadly however we often times make
mistakes and that's what we have to get
out of doing but we can't get out of
doing it until we understand what
reality is what we are and what the
relationship between those two things is
do we really do much of anything at all
in the sense do we have free will yes we
do we have to have free will basically
what you've got is you've got a bunch of
quantum fields and superp position and
then those fields consist of little
fluctuations little Quantum fluctuations
right where is the fixed array we
talking about a manifold right with a
bunch of Zero Dimensional points y okay
those two things are not
compatible okay Quantum field Theory and
that that that fixed array manifold
where you can parameterize all of the
causal functions using the manifold that
doesn't work okay those two things don't
fit together well often the conversation
especially these days becomes this sort
of shallow uh discussion of well this
caused this and uh I'm going to describe
a totally deterministic system and so as
a result of this causing this causing
this causing this you don't have free
will and you're saying cause is actually
more complicated than just cause that's
correct in other words talking about
Free Will in those terms was oos means
nothing y you can't get anywhere with it
okay reality is actually generative okay
it's not a fixed manifold everything is
being created all the time not just our
states our states are being recreated
right you know I can cross my leg I can
uncross my leg that's that's the uh
that's The Changing State yeah but uh
but the medium around us is changing
when I look at you I'm seeing Michael
noes okay I'm seeing you sitting there
but that means that I'm seeing your
boundary I'm seeing what distinguishes
you from the external environment right
there's a medium around you so I have to
be regenerating that as the same time as
I'm regenerating your state in my head
okay when I say regenerating the reason
I'm doing that I could also say I'm
recognizing Michael nolles I'm recogn
iing your state right now but I'm also
recognizing the state of the medium
around you because otherwise I wouldn't
be able to distinguish you from the
medium and you wouldn't exist at all
right right well sort of like a a little
baby right has trouble uh recognizing
the limits of things and recognizing
what some individual object might be
from you know the the glass on the table
they have trouble distinguishing those
precisely y okay the baby has to learn
to distinguish those boundaries and it
has to receive the right visual cues at
the right age so that it can actually
learn learn how to do that yeah so now
now we're at metac causation so what
does metac causation how what causation
works from past to Future Okay
medicalization works from past to Future
and from future to past in a closed loop
it's called a consens of cycle so that's
basically what we have to do to
quantization in order to make causality
wor and of course when I say causality I
mean metac causation okay so how does
because ordinary past to Future
causality parameterized by a fixed array
that doesn't
work so I get past the future this seems
pretty simple I pick up the glass of
water I put it over here and now I
remember 2 seconds ago that water was
over here and then I caused it to go
over there right so how do you cause
something to go from the future to the
Past can't go anywhere unless there's
some place for it to go in the universe
everything changes with time you're
actually you know in the theory of
relativity for example all the points
are events y okay and that means that
there's a Time parameter involved okay
so when you take that glass and you move
it from there to there okay you think
that there's a point right there yeah
where you're going to move that glass
that's
false okay the point to which you are
going to move that glass is actually in
the future when you pick up that glass
it's still in you understand what I'm
saying yes okay that makes sense getting
back to God I guess we're always trying
to get back to God God
is outside of time and
space God God is distributes over time
and space and there's some left over
time and space is static it's a display
imagine you're a little homunculus
inside a computer display like the
Matrix for example okay God not only
distributes over that but there's a
whole other domain where God exists and
that's the processing domain that's the
non-terminal domain in the ctm we're in
the terminal domain right and most
physicists when they try to reason about
the terminal
domain they reason under physical
confinement okay well I can only look at
at physics and I have to use what I know
about physics what I can observe about
physics to explain everything else that
I explain so they have that kind of
explanatory closure y going right there
do I I'm not going to ask you if I'm
going to go to heaven or hell but will I
go to either heaven or hell you will
persist after you die where you go
depends on who Michael nolles really
is I and you would know that better than
yeah I I hope I know that better than
but you're you're telling me I'm going
somewhere
yes you're confident of that I don't
just uh evaporate I don't just turn into
Oblivion well you can if you displease
God that's exactly what's going to
happen to you God is going to cut you
off and he's going to say I can't see
him anymore he's going to turn away from
you and then you won't be able to
reunite salvation will be impossible for
you because salvation means that God has
got to pull you back into himself right
okay but God doesn't want to see you
anymore he doesn't even know you exist
he knows your physical body is there but
he's not interested anymore because you
hate him you deny his existence you
offend him so he's not going to look at
you right so now what happens well okay
you're dead you still want to live
there's something in you that still
desperately wants to live so it's still
going to be there what happens now well
you try to create your own world for
yourself but if you're a bad person or
you're an evil person what kind of world
is that going to be it's going to be an
evil world and that's what we
call he this is what John Milton says in
the mouth of Satan he says the mind is
its own place and it can make a hell of
heaven or Heaven a hell now you got it
so the things that people see when
they're on
psychedelics I usually write them off
and I tell people you know you're just
uh
hallucinating but but you're saying
maybe that's not not all it is they're
they might be seeing something real well
once again what is reality is reality
just stuff out there no reality has a
mental aspect y right and once you admit
that basically everything has a metal
aspect then of course what's going on in
your mind is real it takes on a kind of
reality it's not the same as physical
reality it is nevertheless real are
angels and demons real
yes yes I think so too God is real
angels are real demons are real is the
devil real oh
yes yes well it has to be you know we
were talking about Michael NES being
surrounded by the medium and you know
you got a boundary well God has a
boundary too he's got a very tight
boundary he's a perfect he's perfect he
can't take anything resembling
imperfection right he can't take it into
himself because that would be a
contradiction okay
so God needs an antithesis in order to
be properly defined what is that
antithesis anti-god or Satan so it
definitely exists now Satan isn't
coherent because you know he he
basically hates existence nevertheless
he gains Co through human beings through
secondary Tor as they're called in the
ctmu in other words Satan can nucleate
power structures for example things like
corporations and governments where
you've got people in there that can be
acquired as resources and there's a kind
of skeleton you know a corporate
organization a governmental you know
organization that's holding them
together holding them in place that can
be
exploited I say so you're not describing
manism you're not saying there's God and
then
the opposite of God and there's some
maybe equivalence between the two you're
you're saying that God obviously there
is an antithesis Christ has an
antichrist but that it's incoherent and
and in in are you saying that he sort of
lack that the devil sort of La lacks
substance or La that's why he needs the
humans I'm saying the devil likes
coherence coherence is what brings
everything into superp position right
with itself in other words it allows
something to this is going to sound a
little bit paradoxical allows something
to communicate non-locally with itself
right all of its possible states are in
superp position they exist all all at
once