the origin of this integrated message
system had to come from
outside our time domain literally we're
in possession of a message system of
extraterrestrial origin and you can
prove that and we'll show you
how the real U is software not Hardware
the real U has no time
Dimension the real you is eternal
whether you like it or not
very few people really are familiar with
the field of information Sciences which
gives us of course communication and
many other features in our culture that
happens to be my specialization I
thought it' be interesting to really
take a look at what this field of
specialized study has to say about the
scripture and the Very
idea that there are hidden messages in
the Bible is a shock to many uh not just
unbelievers but many Believers are
offended or disturbed by that
possibility and yet we'll discover that
it's actually quite scriptural and has
some exciting benefits to all of us
these 66 books that we gbly call the
Bible even though they were pinned by
over 40 different guys over the better
part of about 2,000 years uh they're an
integrated message and I don't mean
thematically that there's a theme in the
old fulfill the new no no far more than
that that every detail every number
every place name is there by deliberate
design in the original so that's the
first thing that we have an integrated
message system in our laps and want you
discover its integration you need to do
that for yourself we'll show you some
things the second Discovery emerges from
that and that is that the origin of this
integrated message
system had to come from
outside our time domain literally we're
in possession of a message system of
extraterrestrial origin and you can
prove that and we'll show you how are
there such things as hidden messages in
the Bible you know the Bible says so one
example is Proverbs 252 it is the glory
of God to conceal a thing and the honor
or duty of Kings to search out A matter
I'd like to give you a little background
in a technology that most of us probably
have not had any serious exposure to
we're going to introduce you a little
bit to secret writing cryptography and
what that's all about and we'll
distinguish between codes and ciphers
codes in the field
refer to arbitrary designations where
you might have the number 347 mean a
battleship whatever arbitrary
definitions without the code book you're
useless and Paul R's ride the old North
Church the lantern one by land two if by
Sea if the British had had the most
advanced CR computers they could not
have broken that code because there's no
way to break it it's a code it's an
arbitrary designation by arbitrary
pre-agreement that's what a code is a
cipher is what most of us think of U and
there's two kinds two basic techniques
in hiding a message with a cipher one is
by transposing the letters by some
scheme so so the unintended cannot
interpret it and yet the intended can
receive the message let's assume your
plain text was Cinderella be home before
midnight okay first thing you'd do is
put that in columns then you'd adopt a
code a keyword and you'd alphabet
alphabetize the keyword and that would
give you the order this is just one way
of there are many ways to do this but
this would give you the order of the
columns that You' take and so we take
column two then one then four then five
then three then six if with that keyword
but Along Came as we move through
history the famous cardano Grill the
idea was that you would be in possession
of a grill with some holes in it or
you'd have the formula by which to cut a
grill with those homes either way and if
you took a message and this is obviously
a very crude message to give you an idea
um for leverage Tri only cereal is
listed in Social lovers editions it
deliberately is meaningless but if you
take the cardano grill if it's the right
one and you put that over the message
and and take the letters that are
exposed it says flee at once all is
discovered okay by simply selecting from
the message certain
letters this is the kind of code you
find in the Bible one of the simplest
forms of this is simply take every nth
letter every third letter or every
fourth letter or every fifth whatever
and with a computer of course you can
try all of them and discover all kinds
of hidden messages what are their
significance we'll get to that that so
this is the cardono grill but the method
that derives from all of these that we
encounter and there's been a lot
published by is What's called the
equidistant letter sequences which is
really just a variation of the cardano
grill with the simplest possible formula
a fixed linear sequence of skipped
letters and U what's interesting very
few people today are aware that they of
going taking this to the next level a
nonlinear sequence of more complicated
things the equidistant letter sequences
are actually not very useful for secrecy
they're easy to
find but they can be used to
authenticate a message because they're
they're very very hard to simulate and
interestingly enough that's exactly what
God has done with his word since God has
the technology to create Us in the first
place does he have the technology to get
a message to us of course he does the
trick is how does he authenticate his
message how does he let us know that
it's really from him and not some kind
of contrivance or a fraud that's called
authenication and we'll talk about some
surprising ways God has done that within
your text well we've talked about
transposition ciphers but by far the
more important category of ciphers are
substitution ciphers in several
categories mono alphabets polyalphabetic
polygraphic and some more advanced forms
the Caesar Cipher is perhaps the
simplest used literally in those days
the idea is very simple if you take a
sentence you would take not those those
letters but some formula of letters say
for an example each letter to be
substituted for the letter that F was
the third after it in the alphabet so if
that's the case this is a fascinating
session would translate into a series of
letters that would be absolutely
meaningless unless you realize that each
letter really is alluding to a letter
three steps before it in the alphabet do
you follow me very simple and yet unless
you know that it's pretty tricky but all
of these in effect are one-on-one
mapping where you take some alphabet and
you simply one-on-one map it in this
particular example on the screen the
word enemy becomes s swsh HP and uh
because for the for the E you substitute
the S and for the N you substitute the W
etc etc one of the things you'll
discover by the way and I anticipate a
little bit of the talk here as history
goes on most of the kings in Europe had
on their staff former Jewish rabbis and
many of the rabbis Drew upon Traditions
that go way back way back among the
scribes and one of the things that's
going on today is the rediscovery of
some of the techniques that were
prevalent back then but well of course
out of these techniques came devices
alberty Cipher disc being an example of
that the wheatstone disc that followed
Thomas Jefferson had his wheels and uh
babage had his Difference Engine which
led to the computer industry the Enigma
machines in World War II were a major
factor in what was going on Turing of
annoyment machines were invented to do
that and out of that of course came what
we think of as the modern computer and
of course modern computers a whole
different ball games you know the
technology in computerss doubles about
every 18 months has for
years if you have a laptop with a
pennium 3 in it and if you had had that
in 1995 it would have been classified as
one of the 500 fastest computers in the
world we laugh at that now let's get at
it now with this little quick survey
what about the Bible codes we hear so
much about that and when they say Bible
codes what they mean whether they know
it or not is a specific code called the
equidistant letter sequence or El's
there's a lot of fanciful stuff a lot of
stuff contrived that's been popularized
in recent books that's too bizarre to be
accepted yet some of it is too
impressive to be ignored so let's steer
a path through this and I'm going to
suggest to you some professional
competence in cryptology is essential to
adequately evaluate what we're getting
into here as early as the 16th century
cavaro Rabbi cavaro said the secrets of
the Torah are revealed in the skipping
of letters and around that profound
sight a rabbi by the name of Weiss
Mandell after World War I started to
check in and what do we mean by equid
conditional letter sequence well here's
just a contrived sentence to give you an
idea rips explained that each code is a
case of adding every fourth letter to
form a word in other words if you take
every fourth letter and the thing that's
on the screen it spells out another
message which in this case simply says
read the code the point is you can embed
in a rational message another message of
a totally different kind the message
might be reinforcing which could be used
for authentication or it could be uh new
information altogether well having said
all that let's take a look at the Book
of Genesis in Hebrew relax we don't have
to get into the Hebrew here but the
first if you go to the first how and
then you count 49 letters you come to a
VAV and you count 49 letters you come to
a rush and you count another 49 letters
and you come to a hey now that happens
to spell Torah you say well that's kind
of curious but just a statistical you
know accent perhaps with switching
Theory you could probably calculate the
odds it's very very rare as you can
imagine but you're puzzled by this so
you go to Leviticus nothing happens but
you get to numbers something even
weirder happens the same thing happens
if you spell it backwards and you go to
Deuteronomy you have the same equivalent
type of thing say you got Torah spelled
backwards on 49 letter
intervals you say what on Earth is this
is too designed to be accidental and
what's the point well you go to the
middle book between the in the five it's
Leviticus and now we're not talking 49 n
letters we take the square root of that
seven and we discover that in intervals
of seven you have the name of God so we
have Genesis and exodus it goes in the
proper direction Numbers Deuteronomy it
goes backwards and in the middle you
have yahovah in other words the Torah
always points to
Jehovah this is a design in the text and
yet the text is not contrived it carries
the most important narratives in the
Bible and so we look at this and what do
you make of this I'm not sure if that
was all there's to it it's just a
curiosity there's more why 49 by the way
that's a strange thing it's a square of
seven of course well in Leviticus 23:17
we know that seven sevens are
significant the scripture in several
ways one of the ways is at the Feast of
first fruits they are count you know uh
49 days and the next one is the Feast of
Weeks hotot which is the prophetic day
of the church being born and there's a
lot more to it I'll leave that for now
in the Book of Ruth which is one of the
most interesting books of Prophecy
little four chapter book that unless you
understand the Book of Ruth you will not
understand the Book of Revelation but in
Genesis 38 Judah and Tamar remember gave
birth to Perez and zerak Boaz descended
from Perez okay Boaz in Book of Ruth
Mary's Ruth they had a son named OED who
had a son named Jesse who was the father
of David you with me so far well in
Genesis 38 these names are encrypted at
49 letter intervals in chronological
order the probability of just having the
names there is the neighborhood of I
think one in 10,000 but the probability
of having chronolog order turns out to
be one chance in over
800,000 so is this accidental is this
just a coincident of Statistics there's
a big debate on those things well the
ellipse closes you know see the the
cabalists these these these mystical
rabbis had Traditions as how do you
handle the text and in in the
Renaissance period as the as these
techniques became very important to the
courts of Europe the staff of most of
these Kings were some rabbinical
expertise that develop translated this
into the field we call Crypt ology and
as that matures we start having
mechanical AIDs that ultimately leads to
the Enigma machines in Germany the
wartime computer development and the
rediscovery of the codes themselves the
loop is closed see in other words it was
that technology that created the codes
that gets reflected ultimately in
Machinery which now allows us to
ReDiscover things that the ancient
rabbis knew if you look at Genesis 2 the
end of chapter 1 and the beginning of
chapter 2 you have a section of text it
starts in Genesis 129 God says behold
I've given you every herb bearing seed
and so forth and that whole passage ends
with at verse 9 of chapter 2 and out of
the ground made the Lord God to grow
every tree that is Pleasant to the sight
and good for the food and the tree of
life also in the midst of the garden and
the tree of knowledge good and evil
those of you familiar with Genesis that
all sounds familiar what you may not
realize that in the Hebrew text you have
encrypted in that passage the name of
every tree that occurs in the Bible and
there's a there's like 25 of them and uh
they're all in there fairly tightly
encrypted
in that passage now what's the chance of
that happening by accident promise you
though that we would focus on the
ultimate code in a coding sense it's the
ultimate code and the ultimate code of
course is guess
who you what
library the the books in this Library
are read more
often than any other library in the
world the answer is your
DNA you have a master record and it is
unraveled copied and rolled up in ways
that defy one's imagination remember
Paul R's ride one if by land two if by
Sea um it also has a syntax the lantern
had to be in a particular place in this
case in the famous poem it had to be in
the old North Church see the most
advanced computers could not have broken
Paul R's code why because it was a code
not a cipher it was just arbitrary but
still it had seatics there are very
Simplex alphabets we've talked about
those but it may surprise you to
discover there are codes that are error
detecting when you send a a a bite in a
computer it's you have an extra bit or
so that's called a parody bit which is
always either odd or even so they can
tell if you've dropped a bit in
transmission it's a way of catching
mistakes if you want to add not one bit
but three bits to that bite uh you can
make it error correcting you can make
the three bits determine the position of
the error and if it's binary you can
obviously reverse it so there are codes
that are error uh detecting and there
error correcting so there are also codes
that will modify themselves they're
adaptive coding they'll adapt to syntax
and so forth why am I getting I'm not
here to explore those codes except to
point out one of the most advanced codes
known to man is in our
DNA what people Overlook about your DNA
is your DNA is a three out of four error
correcting self-replicating code and
there's probably not one engineer in a
thousand that would know how to even go
about designing one of those and yet of
course we're taught it all happened by
chance you and I are just random results
of Randomness you know it's amazing we
found the most insulting God to Advent
you know the ancient pagans worshiped
they attributed their creation to gods
of stone or iron or wood whatever uh
we've found a more insulting God of
all we attribute it all to Randomness
God wasn't even necessary God is
offended by not being wor worship or
putting our worship to these false gods
but what's even more insulting is deny
that one is even necessary but anyway um
your simplest
cell is more complex than the River
Rouge Plant it involves the simplest
cell is an entire city with garbage
disposal facilities manufacturing plants
um input output uh controls Gates gatan
it's astonishing the complexity of the
simple cell but anyway um the DNA
consists of unique assemblies they
selected from over 200 proteins each
involving over 3,000 atoms and
threedimensional configurations and it's
all defined from an initial alphabet of
20 amino acids and those 20 amino acids
are defined by in effect four codes the
genetic code where it's it's so much in
the news I I'm just going to highlight a
few aspects of this that you may not be
sensitive to from a coding point of view
in your cell there is your DNA that is
your master record your master blueprint
to conduct all the things that are going
on they don't endanger that they make a
copy of it for the workers there's a
transcription that makes the RNA which
you can look at like a photocopy of the
master blueprint and then that RNA is
translated to create the proteins which
are in effect functional machines and U
what's and the cric dogma of course was
that you go from the DNA through the RNA
you go downhill the dis the shocking
Discovery is that there are reverse
retroviruses that will actually not only
create disease it'll go back and alter
your master record and that's a whole
other thing but I want to mention
something about the DNA being
transcribed the DNA before it's made in
the RNA something interesting happens
that there are sections of it that are
selected out you realize these are
equidistant letter sequences this is a
form of encryption that we find in the
Bible and you find in your DNA these
have intrinsic chemical Affinity towards
one another so where you have one you
have its mate and this this kind of
coding stream allows you to split it and
it will find its mates it it's
intrinsically self-replicating code
it'll copy itself without error and that
itself is an interesting design feature
it's intrinsically self-replicating
these three out of four codes will
specify any of the 20 amino acids you're
going to need for the proteins plus
leave some over for punctuation you have
start controls start stop controls that
kind of thing so you have an alphabet
designed here that uh is operative and
your messenger RNA of course needs to be
translated into proteins so there are
machines that been that that emerge out
of all of this that are will transfer
the RNA and what it does it will read
that code and decode it and as it moves
along it knows from the coding what
protein it's talking about and it
strings those along to create a protein
chain and uh that protein chain has
characteristics that will cause it to
form a three-dimensional machine we're
talk about a hemoglobin molecule that
has 574 elements selected from an
alphabet of 20 and here's the here's the
composite of them
there's elements of all these different
amino acids in a specific sequence and
if you don't have that sequence you have
hemoglobinopathy it's fatal the formula
for the line Arrangements is is a
factorial thing it's anyway it's 10 to
the 600 with 650 zeros just one of them
is hemoglobin um the others are
hemoglobinopathy so did this happen by
chance hardly let's take the bacteria
with a flatulum you probably seen them
under microscopes in school flagin has a
little tail that propels it through the
fluid if you examine that there's a
place where that little tail the
flatulum enters the bacteria and we're
going to look at just the place where it
enters and we discover something very
interesting there is an what's the
equivalent of an electric motor with
slip Rings all kinds of over 40 Parts
any one of which have missing it doesn't
work and so this is not something could
have happened it's something that was
very skillfully designed anybody that's
ever been on a design team knows that
designs don't happen they have to be
crafted see the real question the reason
the evolutionist can't explain life they
can't explain which came first the DNA
or the proteins you can't have proteins
without the DNA you can't have the DNA
without proteins it's it's even deeper
than the chicken legegg classic one it
takes protein to construct the DNA it
takes DNA to make the protein see they
both had to be created at the same time
in a in a consistent system
architecture which came first the DVD or
the DVD players they have to come
together to create a function that's
useful same sort of concept and every
engineer would know that the whole
concept evolution is absurd but the real
you I can see the real you is software
not Hardware call it Soul Spirit give it
what vocabulary you like the real you is
software not Hardware the real you has
no time
Dimension the real you is eternal
whether you like it or
not the Dilemma is where are you going
to spend it are you going to spend it in
the presence of God are you qualified to
be perfect to be in his presence
or will you be denied his
presence you see you're in this little
parenthesis that some people call a boot
camp for eternity