when morus holds up the battery in The
Matrix and he says we are the source of
energy I finally understand what you
mean when the guys made the Matrix they
knew exactly what they were talking
about wherever they got their
information from is very very
interesting once you realize what's
going on we go oh my God we are so
bloody
dumb the manipulated history that we
find seems to be created and recreated
for us on an ongoing basis and this is
what's becoming a little disturbing but
at the same time not surprising what's
going on here there are places that we
don't know about that we should know
about like the towers of Bologna in
Italy this is a drawing from the 1700s
how many of you have seen the towers of
Bologna that until 200 years ago the
city of bologna had more than 200 Towers
up to 50 m tall they're all gone and
then suddenly you start stumbling upon
an Empire that until the 1800s was a
well-known Empire across the world
you'll look at the old maps and you see
the tartarian Empire one of the most
important Global Empires and then
suddenly gone we hear nothing about
tartari and the tartarian Empire and
what happened to them and you start
seeing that that history is literally
changing right under our eyes recent
history it's like just being wiped out
we know nothing about it it is weird
people things are getting really freaky
and very very weird weird and you know
you see evidence of these things all
over the place you see very large
buildings uh that you know with the the
two or three bottom floors are just
completely covered in mud and then they
just leave them like that and they
create the entrance on the higher floors
to that same building the reason I'm
bringing this up is that if the news
that we have coming from the the media
uh is fake imagine how wrong all of our
history is and all of this the fake news
and this potentially fake history is
just adding to the great human puzzle
and and making us even more confused
about who we are where we come from and
why we here you know institutions keep
telling us that the Ancients were
primitive and they looked something like
this and they built countless megalithic
structures with their very primitive
tools like we can build them today and
uh they left Behind These incredible
places from times that we cannot
remember and we have no idea when these
things actually happened
some of them we speculate and we
probably very wrong and they dragged
large blocks up mountains and built
platforms cuz they had nothing better to
do they got together and built giant
things like this because they needed to
bury some guy and you go to mount Sharia
in Siberia and that's just ridiculous I
mean look at the size of these blocks
and these structures in Siberia realize
that wherever you go in the world
they're mysterious ancient civilizations
that weird things and we really don't
know much about the motive we recognize
what they've done we Surprise by what
they've done carving entire cities out
of Bedrock like this platforms like this
and underground structures like this
that are covered in Egypt just to hide
it and borrow bador uh which is just
obviously such a powerful resonating
thing anyone that knows anything about
sound and resonance takes one look at
this and go okay I know exactly what
they're doing here what's interesting as
you may have noticed many of these
places if not all of them that you've
just seen and there are countless more
all of them seem to be in the Northern
Hemisphere and that is a huge mystery
but unfortunately the discovery of the
ancient ruins of southern Africa has
just now completely blown that apart cuz
now that is no longer the case and the
attention has shifted to the ancient
ruins of South Africa and southern
Africa the stone Circles of southern
Africa have become one of the most
interesting mysterious and unbelievable
able discoveries of ancient archaeology
ancient civilizations not just because
they are so amazing to look at and
remarkable but because they opened a
door and they gave us very important uh
Clues as to what the ancient
civilizations were doing and what
technology they used and that's actually
been the big breakthrough in to get to a
deeper understanding of what how smart
and advanced ancient civilizations were
uh and when you start noticing these
flower shaped structures that's when it
gets really interesting notice that
these are not Standalone structures
they're all connected by these channels
that connect them thousands of miles of
channels like they look like wires that
connect all Stone circles together and
then you can see that weird spiders web
effect around it and no stone circle
stands alone they're all connected in
this very large grid and basically what
you're looking at here is what has now
been identified or recognized as the
largest cluster of stone ruins anywhere
on Earth how many are there more than 10
million
of these structures throughout South
Africa and Zimbabwe it is quite
staggering 10 million is not a small
number this is an insanely huge number
when we get to the reason why they did
this I think this is when it starts to
get really interesting important thing
no doors and entrances there are several
archaeological drawings that clearly
show us no doors and entrances clustered
together like grapes the channels
connecting them all together like I've
showed you all everything is connected
what kind of stones are we dealing with
here and this is where it all starts to
point us in a very interesting Direction
it's a special kind of stone known as
hornfels it's a black stone it looks
like this it's black on the inside and
then on the outside it's got this
reddish brown skin that grows very very
slowly a few thousand years per
microscopic layer that's how long it
takes for this patina to grow so if
you've got tools or artifacts made out
of this black rock and the tool tools
and artifacts are covered in patina then
you have to assume or conclude that the
tools and artifacts were made a long
long time ago not just a few hundred or
a few thousand years ago cuz that's not
how the patina grows so the patina in
this is a very important way for us to
not evaluate exactly or date the stones
the tools but to give us an idea of how
old they are and we know that based on
that they're very very old the other
important thing is that the stones ring
like bells and it was really at the
moment that I discovered that these
stones have acoustic properties and they
ring like bells that everything changed
I no longer looked at the stone circles
as cattle crawl or dwellings I suddenly
realize that we dealing with sound sound
the primordial source of all things
Infinite Energy what Nicola Tesla
probably used sound that levitates and
now we got sound coming out of the stone
walls of the stone circles that that's a
great breakthrough what are we dealing
with here what are the stones made of
they're made of silica people silica
most of the content of these Stones what
are they made of 90% of most of the
stone on this planet is made of silica
Sandstone is virtually pure silica so
here we have advanced technology used in
ancient sites the most advanced
technology today is all silicon based
technology silica has memory it contains
knowledge it contains information it
conducts sound and light it stores light
and sound and information that stores
energy in Southampton University they're
experimenting now with tiny little
crystals that store up to 350 terabytes
of information one tiny little thing but
I can tell you that crystals like that
will actually store infinite amount of
information other important thing is
that these structures are not just
memory banks they're actually giant
machines giant machines that are
activated by light and by sound so where
is the flagship in South Africa among
these ruins no doubt it's Adam's
Calendar the patina growth tells us how
old some of these ruins are you can see
this here this had a tip there that
broke off there's 2 mm of patina growth
there this tells us that even the stone
ruins not just Adam's Calendar is
extremely old for this amount of patina
to grow on a break that looks like that
will take hundreds of thousands of years
not just a few thousand years well the
Ancients used sacred geometry for
everything we now know this so I drew a
golden me spiral from Adam's Calendar
and guess where it ends right between
the pyramids Adam's Calendar and you
realize that the argument of probability
can be used here what is the probability
that this is an accident it's several
million to one so it must be connected
and that there's a reason why these are
here in that distance exactly from
Adam's Calendar the other interesting
thing is that when you connect Adam's
Calendar to Great
Zimbabwe uh it ends right in the great
perimeter Giza all along the 31Â° East
longitudinal line what were these Stone
circles for I think you start seeing
what these patterns are all about this
is the simatic pattern for the shape of
the sound
a on a metal plate will make this
beautiful sound and you realize that
each one of these Stone circles is just
a simatic pattern of the sound of planet
Earth at that specific point this is a
representation of the sound frequency
right there so each one of these is a
plug point an energetic plug Point into
Mother Earth becoming an energy
generating source and multiplying that
frequency and that energy how much does
it multiply it I have to take you first
explain to you this little device here
in modern Electronics known as a
magnetron these magnetrons are in laser
beams like this little laser beam here
some some of these are benign they don't
hurt you and some laser beams can cut
metal in a split second this is how
powerful magnetrons are imagine if
little magnetron can create so much
energy how much a magnetron 20 m in
diameter will create made of virtually
pure silica an insane amount of energy
there are thousands of these magnetrons
in southern Africa thousands so now you
can start imagining how much energy they
were creating and a huge energy grid
that covered large parts of southern
Africa and the interesting thing is that
this energy grid is still alive it still
gives us insane amounts of energy
because we've measured it we've measured
electromagnetic waves the sound
frequencies that come out of them the
loudness of these sound frequencies and
also this thing called Heat Signature
the heat signature is the average
temperature of 200 M below the ground
the heat signature tells us that at 80Â°
if you measured the Heat Signature 80Â°
it'll tell you that you're standing on
top of a volcano so just keep that in
mind then we got to Adam's Calendar as
you enter this is the circle that you
see from space as you walk into this
imaginary Circle the heat signatures 9
and 1/ 12Â° as you walk into that Circle
there's no Circle it's an imaginary
Circle it used to 77Â° it's like
literally
92Â°
77Â° what the hell is going on something
strange is going on that we don't
understand between these two calendar
Stones it goes up to Beyond 80Â° now the
measurement is telling you that you're
standing on top of a volcano and yet we
just it's just Bedrock it's just
sandstone and then measured the um sound
frequencies nothing just ambient noise
as you go through this imaginary Circle
it goes beyond 375 GHz of sound that we
measuring as far as I know this kind of
sound frequencies have never ever been
measured anywhere on planet Earth that
we know of that brings me to the Earth
grid because it seems that all these
ancient sites on Earth Adam's Calendar
the Great Pyramids
pumu they all seem to be built on these
noal points these energy points that are
there's look there's Adam cend right
there there's Giza and this is really
interesting because it seems to be some
sort of an energetic code encoded into
planet Earth that's mired from the sky
and why do we know it's mired from the
sky because the Samaran texts tell us
and this is not a Zechariah sit
translation by the way this comes from
the Shen collection and this is what it
says in the distant days in those days
after Destinies had been decreed after
an who was Anu and enel his son had said
set up the regulations for heaven and
earth that's interesting regulations for
heaven and earth Ani the exalted knowing
god by the rules for heaven and earth
the fixed rules he set up the cities so
they suggesting that there's a grid of
energetic rules in the sky that is
mirrored on Earth and they set up the
cities on Earth mimicking or mirroring
this energy Grid in the sky so this
point us David wilock first actually
discovered this when he started talking
about these military emblems and these
bands that are encoded this information
is encoded into these emblems they call
it the rules remember the rules the
fixed rules for heaven and earth and
here we have the military calls these
bands around the earth the rules they
don't know where they come from but
they've always been there some sort of
an energetic grid around planet Earth
well this this is deeply encoded stuff
people so the fixed rules the energy
grid around the earth is actually
encoded in the modern military emblems
all of them and we now know that all
these ancient sites are just giant
machines the stone circles are the the
trigger point to make us realize that
all these ancient structures which just
giant machines built to generate energy
for what that remains the mystery we
know that these are machines cuz
sometimes photographs like this show us
that energy is still coming out of these
giant machines Stonehenge very obvious
energy device and then these ancient
these ancient sites in Egypt are just
technology on a gigantic scale uh the
Obelisk Rings like a bell and you
realize it's an antenna and when you
start looking at these structures in
Egypt you realize too many pillars not
enough space this is not for praying and
offering food and going to pray to the
gods and all that nonsense this is all
just giant technology there you got a
beautiful amplification chamber with
ringing pillars in front of it on a
pedestal and you realize that these are
just templates for giant circuit boards
and these guys were just building these
energy devices on a scale that we can't
do today cuz we don't have enough money
and we have no idea how to do it and
they were doing things that we can't
even imagine today giant circuit boards
macr processors and then devices like
this obviously and uh you realize that
we're dealing with a time in human
history that was very very different
from our lives today and when you go to
to um South America sucess Haman that's
just another circuit board uh on top of
a mountain um there's another look at it
badur Indonesia just you know amplifying
sound frequency shooting it up into the
sky uh with a central Beam at the top
and this all takes us to ceser
technology ceser technology that was
only introduced to humanity in 2009 as
opposed to laser beams CER beams
infinitely more powerful but it seems
that human sound was used to amplify and
start these circuit boards even the
panon and Greece that was an ancient
circuit board it's really badly
destroyed and they had these
amphitheaters they squeeze a bunch of
people in there fill them with fear make
them clap their hands and whatever they
do and all these religious sites as well
all that energy gets channeled down
these these vibrating pillars and into
the circuit board and it starts the
circuit board through sound and we find
these circuit board Amphitheater
connections all over the world
amphitheaters circuit boards whatever
they were doing with that energy remains
a mystery there's another Amphitheater
connected to a circuit board on top of
the mountain there you can see it badly
destroyed here's another one in North
Africa and Algeria here the circuit
board is the amphitheater is right in
the heart of the ancient circuit board
and this doesn't stop there the secret
sound activation continues in medieval
times and continues in modern times
temples have just become churches and
you will see the importance of the
structures of these churches were the
conical Towers the cone shaped tools
that Focus the sound into Cesar beams
this stuff is just so brilliant our
sound is being harvested as energy it's
that simple anytime you build a circle
pyramids obelisks or domes and Cathedral
Towers these are all harvesting devices
for amplifying and harvesting sound and
focusing sound and this is why all
cathedrals all major churches all
major castles around the world are
always built on very powerful energy
lines lay lines very energetic places
around the world every time there's a
Catholic Church Cathedral it's always on
a very strategic point and this is why
the mystery of the medieval Cathedrals
is such an important thing to crack
architects today just marvel at how
these guys built it with the tools they
had in in the year 1000 or whenever 10
something when they built these in the
10th 11 12 centuries we couldn't build
it today uh with those kind of tools we
struggle to build it today with modern
tools this is just spectacular have a
look at the inside it's so obvious
what's going on here giant acoustic
chamber with a dome on top of it with
vibrating pillars from the Resonance of
the people clapping their hands or the
fear or shouting or singing whatever
they were doing going up these pillers
into the Dome and what's on top of the
Dome outside of the cathedral are these
spires that's send the frequencies up
into the sky I mean this is just so
obvious what's going on here but it gets
even better now you start looking at
this at the the extra features in these
Cathedrals and you realize that they're
also using the shape of light that
amplifies the acoustic effect inside the
chamber can you see the shape of these
these windows circular very important
not Square circular or oval Etc and we
start seeing very obvious magnetron
shaped windows and once you know that
light and sound are inextricably
connected if you send light through a
magnetron shape it will create a
magnetron effect the shape of the window
will take the frequency of the light and
amplify it because it's in the shape of
a magnetron it's spectacular so the
light from outside goes through the
magnetron structures into the the church
into the cathedral it amplifies it in
the cuz the cathedral is just an ambient
chamber and now you got this this
magnetron amplification of the light
that shoots out the spires and through
the the top of the cathedral it's like
laser transfer you can take the
information of a egg from a a salamander
or a lizard you put a laser beam through
a fertilized lizard egg and you point
the laser at the infertile frog egg and
the Frog will become a lizard the light
takes the information and deposits it
from one to the other that's what
happens the light comes in through the
window takes the information of the
light and amplifies it inside the
chamber magnetron shaped windows in
cathedrals is suddenly a dead giveaway
that this is very very advanced
technology that we're only waking up to
now once you realize what's going on we
go oh my God we are so bloody dumb we
are just like literally Lambs to the
slaughter we're just being lied to
abused eaten slaughtered tortured this
is a a Woman by the name of Annie in
Sweden and took this picture of a church
look at that beautiful tourist look at
the energy coming out of that gring
aurus effect as every now and then it
just shows itself to us very obviously
and we sudden realize that City grids
and cities are just the modern day
circuit boards generating huge amounts
of sound human beings never stop making
a noise cities are constantly noisy keep
pushing upside into the sky through the
high skyscrapers we are sources of
energy because we never stop freaking
making a noise and suddenly when more
holds up the battery in The Matrix and
he says we are the source of
energy you go I get it dude I finally
understand what you mean when the guys
made the Matrix they knew exactly what
they were talking about wherever they
got the information from is very very
interesting and that brings me back to
places like bologna these hundreds of
towers that have now been destroyed
gone this is a very very early picture
picture of Bologna with many of the
towers that have already been gone but
look at the early image the drawing from
1700s of Bologna there's a dome over the
city there's a wall and a dome over the
city what's going on here